
spoken:
Oh yeah, this is Eminem baby, back up in that motherfucking ass
One time for your mother fucking mind, we represent the 313
You know what I'm saying?, 'cause they don't know shit about this
For the 9-6

Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction
To get your brain relaxin, 'cause they be actin' maniac in action
A brainiac in fact son, you mainly lack attraction
You looking zany whack with just a fraction of my tracks spun
My rhyming skills got you climbing hills
I travel through your mind into your spine like siren drills
I'm sliming grills of roaches, with sprayed on disinfectants
Twistin necks of rappers till their spinal column disconnects
Put this in decks and check the monologue, turn your system up
Twist them up, and indulge in the marijuana smog
This is the season for noise pollution contamination
Examination of more cartoons than animation
My lamination of narration
Hit's a snare and bass in the track fucked up rapper interrogation
When I declare invasion, there ain't no time to be staring, gazing
I turn the stage into a barren wasteland...
I'm Infinite

You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murdering instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm Infinite

Bust it, I let the beat commence so I can beat the sense in your elite defense
I got some meat to mince, a crew to stomp and then two feet to rinse
I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil all your fans
I foil plans and leave fluids leaking like oil pans
My coiled hands around this microphone are lethal
One thought in my cerebral is deeper then a Jeep full of people
MC's are feeble, I came to cause some pandemonium
Battle a band of phony MC's and stand the lonely one
Imitator, Intimidator, Stimulator, Simulator of data, Eliminator
There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus
Fuck around and catch all of the venereal diseases
My thesis will smash a stereo to pieces
My accapella releases plastic masterpieces through telekinesis
That eases you mentally, gently, sentimentally, instrumentally
With entity, dementedly meant to be Infinite

You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murdering instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm Infinite

Man I got evidence I'm never dense and I been clever ever since
My residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the M-O
So I'm assuming all responsibility
Cause there's a monster will in me that always wants to kill MC's
Mic messaler, slamming like a wrestler
Here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler
No one is speacialer, My skill is intergalactical
I get cynical act a fool then I send a crew back to school
I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical
I'd rather let a tactical, tactful, track tickle your fancy
In fact I can't see, or can't imagine
A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratching
This is for my family, the kid who had a cameo on my last jam
Plus the man who never had a plan B
Be all you can be, cause once you make an instant hit
I'm tensed a bit and tempted when I see the sins my friends commit...
I'm Infinite

You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murdering instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm Infinite
You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murdering instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm Infinite
Proof
Here is Soul Intent checkin' in at number 1 baby this week,
You know what I'm sayin'?
This is MC Proof

DJ Head
And DJ Heeaad!

Proof
Checkin' in on W.E.G.O.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Ayo we got the number one requested song,
Of the day, coming up next
It's a local 313 talent
He goes by the name of Eminem
And it's called "It's OK"
Check it out
Eye-Kyu: Check it out,

Eminem: Hey Kyu!

Eye-Kyu:
Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is all right (It's all right)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is all right (It's all right)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

Verse 1: Eminem
One day I plan to be a family man happily married
I wanna grow to be so old that I have to be carried
Till I'm glad to be buried
And leave this crazy world
And have at least a half a million for my baby girl
It may be early to be planning this stuff
'Cause I'm still struggling hard to be the man, and it's tough
Cause man it's been rough, but still I manage enough
I've been taken advantage of, damaged and scuffed
My hands have been cuffed
But I don't panic and huff, frantic and puff
Or plan to give up, the minute shit hits the fan it erupts
I'm anteing up double or nothing, I've been trouble enough
And I'm sick of struggling and suffering, see
My destiny's to rest at ease, till I'm impressed and pleased
With my progress, I won't settle for less than cheese
I'm on a quest to seize all, my own label to call
Way before my baby is able to crawl
I'm too stable to fall, the pressure motivates
To know I hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades
I seen the golden gates to heaven on Earth
Where they don't pull a weapon on you when you stepping on turf, Q

Eye-Kyu:
Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is all right (It's all right)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is all right (It's all right)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

Verse 2: Eminem
I'm going for broke, gambling and playing for keeps
Everyday in the streets, scrambling and paying for cheap
Praying for sleep
Dreaming with a watering mouth
Wishing for a better life for my daughter and spouse
In this slaughtering house, caught up in bouts
With the root of all evil
I've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful
And make them do shit illegal
For these Grant's and Jackson's
These transactions explain a man's actions
But in the mist of this insanity, I found my Christianity
Through God and there's a wish he granted me
He showed me how to cope with the stress
And hope for the best, instead of mope and depressed
Always groping a mess, of flying over the nest
To selling dope with the rest
I quit smoking cess to open my chest
Life is stressful inside this cesspool
Trying to wrestle, I almost bust a blood vessel
My little brother's trying to learn his mathematics
He's asthmatic, running home from school away from crack addicts
Kids attract static, children with automatics
Taking target practice on teens for Starter Jackets
I'm using smarter tactics to overcome this slum
I won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum
It's cumbersome, I'm trying to do well on this Earth
But it's been Hell on this Earth since I fell on this Earth

Eye-Kyu:
Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is all right (It's all right)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is all right (It's all right)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

Uh, it's ok, yeah it's all right, even though I can't sleep
Uh yeah, it's ok, it's all right, I can't sleep
Eye-Kyu: Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one see

Eminem: Man what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me
If you ever wanna be one see

Verse 1: Eye-Kyu
Yo some people say I'm whack, now if that's right
I'm the freshest whack MC that you ever heard, in your lifetime
My slick accapella sounds clever with the beats
Boy I'm the deepest thing since potholes to ever hit the streets
Forgot a gold digger's succubus, my souls thick with ruggedness
With the mic I'm like a dyke, can't no nigga fuck with this
I got more Different Strokes than Philip Drummound
On open mic I bone your women just to keep my lyrics coming (bitch)
We elevated to new heights premeditated
Let it be that I stated they hate it now that they see that I made it
The escalated can be put to the test of greatness
Snatch the heart from MC's and I ate it
So I take it that's the reason I'm hated
To represent my temperament
If rap was a dick all you so called hard MC's would not be impitant
But pimping it, and acting like you could rock a show (so)
Harder than LL's Rock the Bells, but you is a ho (now)
Everything that you collaborate I lacerate
My rhymes they keep coming like nympho maniacs that masturbate
At a faster rate, yeah I got something for your ass to hate
I blasterate, and have you all running master gates
And as for face clutching and touching the flows
I got them open like marijuana smoke up in your nose
Bucking these hoes, I got that shit down to a science
Leaving them hot and bothered, turned on like an appliance
Defiance, no we won't have that
You want your shit to blow up?
Well I'ma stuff some dynamite in your ass crack
And blast that shit to kingdom come
Then bring them some of this real hip-hop
I drop beats and you ain't singing or gonna do a thing about
And you all knew from Meeko
That you couldn't hold your own with the strength of Lou Forigno
So stop that bullshit and flow
Yo, you need to come with the real skills, and act like you know

Chorus: Eminem
So what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me
If you ever wanna be one see

Eye-Kyu: Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be the sweet MC, you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one see

Verse 2: Eminem
So what, you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
You don't know shit so when you see one flee
You can be Run-D, you'll never beat the MC
I'll stop the alphabet at S and got it down to a T
I'm sure your bound to agree, a sweet MC crashes the spot
I'll make the roof hot like I was Rock Master Scott
Your ass forgot, so just in case you don't remember me
I'll run your brain around the block to jog your fucking memory
It's either them or me man, kill or be killed
You will and be sealed your casket closed you still gonna be billed
My facilities filled with fans, packed to capacity
I'll send a rapper back with the crack of his ass shitty
If he's acting soft and he cowers
He better come cleaner then Jay Rue jacking off when he showers
You flowers got no clout with a thing
You could date a stick of dynamite and wouldn't go out with a bang
I showered the slang, simple as A, B, C's
Skip over the D's and rock the microphone with E's
Dethrone MC's and I'ma max alone
Relax your dome like a solo from a saxophone
So facts are known, writers get treated with shocks
I rock a beat harder then you could beat it with rocks
I'm greeted with flocks, of fellow follower's singers
You couldn't make the fans throw up their hands if they swallowed their
Fingers
But you can bring yours let's see what you got
But don't front and never try to be what you're not
Cause you can be quick, jump the candlestick, burn your back
And fuck Jill on a hill, but you still ain't Jack

Chorus: Eye-Kyu
So what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you just seen come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never become me
So you ain't ever gonna be one see
Eminem: So what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
None of these skills that you just seen come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never become me
So you ain't ever gonna be one see
Women Singing:
Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah

I'm getting mad love, I'm snuggling hugs
Druggling thugs, smuggling drugs, juggling jobs, guzzling jugs
So here's a toast to federal checks
Hetero sex, unaffordable medical debts, huh
We travel in packs and ravel in facts and gravel in cracks
To find babbling Max, gaffling tracks
I grapple an axe for them baffling acts
The mysterious stab in the backs who dabble in wax
Still in my yard when I sculpted the culprit
The tall shit that will end up with his skull split
Then I buried the hatchet, I carried the fat chick
Butterfingers is here and it's necessary to scratch it
Baby all I wanna do is swallow one and two
Smoke a little bit and follow one of you
Back home when the party ends
So tonight I'm dropping naughty hints
To the finest women in the audience

Women Singing:
They honor the
Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah (blends in with lyrics)

Eminem: 'Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
'Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling all right
'Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
'Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling all right

Ayo, spiders are like tarantulas, vandealous
Living as scandalous as a television evangelist
But I can handle this, I'm the rhyme biter crime fighter
Caped crusader, taking care of undeserving lime lighters
I think a living never meant for me
Experimentally I found a way to spread interamentally
When I stumbled upon this resolution
By using a special fusion of chemical solution for this resolution
You couldn't see me with binoculars
I armed like an octopus
Step on stage and you get socked and pushed
Talking that junk like you went black, guarded your back
Come battle me and you get smacked as hard as you act
When I rap I represent it and will never referee in it
Every minute so when I win it you never resent it
I'm forever demented, come up with funk, I'll never be scented
You got the point when I cleverly said it

Women Singing:
Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah (blends in with lyrics)

Eminem: 'Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
'Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling all right
'Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
'Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling all right

Eminem is heading skyward
For those who thought that I would make you bored
And treat you like a piece
Of plywood
I've got miracle lyrical capability all in me
With the agility to escape a killer bee colony
So get your cameras and capture how miraculous
I rap for all you Draculas and showed you all how whack you was
I meant it as a dis, cause you don't posses the pizzazz as this
I'm hazardous enough already as it is
Without you adding fuel to the fire
I'm cruel to the liar
Who fails to recognize my reign of hell, rule to the sire
Clinical studies show that I'm cynical
There's no one who's identical to my fresh and authentic flow
I'm sure the party people can agree
That I'm enchanting, with the romantic
Freaking the vocals so frantically
So throw your hands up in the atmosphere
And let them know the only party that was phat was here, just be like

Women Singing:
Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah (blends in with lyrics)

Eminem: 'Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
'Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling all right
'Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
'Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling all right
Maxine! (Phone Rings)

Maxine: Hello
Denaun: Can I speak to Maxine?
Maxine: Yeah this is me what's up?
Denaun: What up?
Maxine: Who dis?
Denaun: Denaun
Maxine: Yeah what's up?
Denaun: What are you doing?
Maxine: Nothing, just laying in bed
Denaun: Huh?
Maxine: Nothing, just laying in bed
Denaun: Why?
Maxine: I don't know, thinking about something freaky to do

Verse 1: Eminem
I know this crack fiend Maxine who needs a vaccine
She tests positive but tells you that her act's clean
Plus she got a sugar daddy
Asking every hooker that he takes in to crook her badly
If you mistook her sadly, on her reputation
You're in jepordation, if you ain't got no preparation
When you step away son, she got her face done
Looking provocative, she'll let you knock it if
You press the issue and get undressed to kiss you
If you match the price, otherwise she won't look at you twice
But when you catch the lice, or get the urgency
To go to the emergency cause it burns to pee
Don't bring your germs to me, 'cause I ain't trying to hear it
While your fighting you fucking disease trying to clear it (Maxine!)

Verse 2: Denaun Porter
Sometimes I wonder, what's your purpose? In life that is
To get with every brother and unveil one of his kids, shit
You living trife, got three kids at home and club hopping every night
You say it's gonna stop but it... just... slows... down
And then speeds back to a regular pace, there is no end to this
Mystery, whatever your reason even is to be
You say you wanna be with me, but how can you say that
When you got niggas hiding in your closet
I refrain from getting angry but you keep on that strangely

I met this girl last week, she was a freak, and she liked me
So I stepped on it and then asked my homies
And chilled on the side and then watched they niggas
Big game over there and take notes, while I get this number
I stepped to her first I cleared my throat and said "Hey Bitch...
Haven't I seen you before?", looked at my nigga
Turned around and got slapped throughout my hands
And said "Oh it's like that?"
She said she just broke up with her nigga and shit
She started crying, and asked me to forgive her and shit
She said her name was Maxine, so I told her I wanted her number
She asked could I give her mine two
Got to the crib and called her up
We got into a good conversation that's when she asked me could I fuck
I said "Maxine check this out,
Give me your address I'll be through and you'll find out"
Got to the crib she let me in
She didn't waste time she grabbed my hand and proceeded to the bedroom
I said "Hold up, and stop proceeding, you rushing things"
What the fuck are you doing?
So I went for my protection, took off my clothes and started flexing
As she went for my midsection
I threw her down as I tore off her shirt
Pulled out my jimmy and I thought about putting in work
Before I hit it she said
"3 don't get mad but there's something that I gotta tell your ass"
I said "What is it, another nigga? It's ok"
She said "No I forgot to tell you, that I got AIDS"
I got up out

Denaun: Hey, Maxine
Maxine: What
Denaun: You thinking about sucking my dick?
Maxine: Yeah for a small price
Denaun: For a small price? What you mean?
Maxine: You know, money nigga
Denaun: You don't need no damn money,
I can't give you no money anyways, I heard you got some shit.
Maxine: (laughing) What you, what you hear I got?
Denaun: AIDS
Maxine: (laughing) Who told you that bullshit?
Denaun: My nigga Kyu, he wouldn't lie
Maxine: Well if that's the case, Kyu got it then
Denaun: Oh for real, it's like that?
Maxine: (laughing) Well I ain't got shit,
So he ain't got shit, and if he do, he ain't get that shit from me,
I ain't fucking around with no 3rd nigga
Denaun: Fuck that, I ain't fucking with you
Maxine: No, see...
Denaun: You got that shit, I ain't gotta fuck with you
Maxine: Hold on, why it ain't even like that
Denaun: I want y'all to get paid, fucking...
Maxine: (laughing as the phone hangs up)
Hey yo, what's up man? Hey, yo you been here all day man
Y'all been here every weekend man,
I don't ever get a chance to rap first man!
That's cause you whack!
What?!? I ain't whack nigga, I got some raps for all y'all
Nigga my raps fresh, I'ma bust my raps first,
You can bust yours after me if you want to
No no man, I'm going first,
I'm getting tired of everybody wanted to go first man
You always rap first,
I'm rapping I don't care what none of y'all say,
I'm fresh, I'm fresh

Thyme:
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(Scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
I said who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(Scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know

Verse 1: Eminem
I'll have you taken back to Christ when you're sacrificed
The way you're hacked and sliced when I fill your back with knives
Jacking lives of MC's, now I'm set to launch a plan
For blowing up the stage with illegal contraband
I stomped your man so unless you want what he got
You best just set the mic down, I'm steaming like a teapot
I'll make the tea hot, people get in my face and ask
If I wanna battle, then I chase them in a Jason mask
It's an amazing task to battle with success
I never gave a fuck, now I give a fuck less
And in a slug fest I get physical like physicians
Invisible like magicians with mystical mic traditions
Wicked wizardry like a sorcerer, no remorse for you
When I torture you throughout the course of my orchestra
So feel the force of my spiritual images
Slicing up an enemy's appendages till he hemorrhages
My skin itches every time a rapper recites
And when he's through with his verse, I'm all covered in flea bites
You wanna see fights I got a match for you
You couldn't flip shit playing in toilets with a spatula

Chorus: Thyme
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(Scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(Scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know

Verse 2: Eminem
You bitches get a hysterectomy disrespecting me
You wanna feel the full effect of me, hand a tech to me
Intellectually superior, I'll make the whack wearier
Inferior, deteriorate, like bacteria
Materially, killing serially, clearly you'll see
How much in fear when you hear me you'll be, and
Shiver and shake, quiver and quake
Bite a rhyme and feel your jaw get stiffer and ache, wither and break
You slithering snake, gibbering fake, fibbering flake
I'll twist you into a different shape
And toss you in Michigan Lake, for fishermen's sake
If this is a dream you'd wish you can wake
Every diss you can take, personal
We ain't friends trying to make amends
If you ain't ever stole a gate you can take a fence (take offense)
I make intense masterpieces and smash to pieces
Your last releases, you pass diseases, that's the reason
I'm showing you the proper way to operate a mic
So pass it like a hot potato
I've never been less than clever and fresh
Severing flesh of fools who never impressed ever infest

Chorus: Thyme
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(Scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic man and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and then said that you can flow?
(Scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Whhhooo the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out! I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(Scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo let me get that mic man'
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Who the fuck passed you the mic, who the fuck passed you the mic!
I got the rhymes bitch, I'll kick that shit
Denaun what up man?
What up dog?
Ya all right?
Chillen, cold as hell
Yes it is, hey Bus didn't come here did it?
No, hey look, you got fifteen cent?
Nah, I got just enough to get on the bus, I'm broke
We gotta go to the store right man quick 'cause I'm short
Yeah, we gonna have enough time to go to the store?
Nah, look...
You should just, how much you got there?
I only got 75, you know what I'm sayin' I'm sure I got a dollar know what I mean...
Just throw it in there they ain't gonna know
You know what they look, I'm sick of taking this darn bus everywhere man
You gotta make some moves or something
I know look, I'm trying to get rich,
I got a baby on the way, I don't even got a car,
You know what I'm saying?
I still stay with my mom, 21 and still with my mom
Look hey, we gotta make some hit records or something,
You know what I'm saying? 'Cause I'm tired of being broke

Cause all I do is yearn a life without a concern
And dream of having a turn to earn money to burn
Mapping out my strategies to get rich huh
My desire is like a scratch that needs to get itched huh
Cause man I live in the D, this crap ain't given for free
Nothing's different to me, so what, it's easy to see
I'll be the prisoner to flee, all of this misery
I'm not wishing to be another fish in the sea
But just an MC, so listen to me, but if you disagree
You missing the key, you ain't even in the vicinity
Unconditionally my aspects to cash checks
My objects were never to swab decks
It's up to you the decision is yours
If what you vision is tours, or a mission less course
When this shit is in the stores, cause you can be a star

No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh

You know what I'm saying, see what I'm talking about man?
Cause that's it
Yeah
A million dollars ain't even that far away man
Yo we got to get the money man, I can't be broke for the rest of my life
Yeah I hear what your saying,
Look there's got to be something better, you know what I'm saying?
I can't live like this for the rest of my life man,
Bumming rides everywhere I go
Yeah, what's up with Lexus' and Land cruisers'?

Yo I'm not about to chance it and dismiss handling business
I'm canceling Christmas to gamble and risk this
Financial interest is the matter at hand
I got an adequate plan for stab at a grand
I grab what I can and do what I must
Pursue what I lust, it's true that I just choose
The few that I trust, thems the people that I still got
F*** with gangsta fill pot, get your grill shot
The 5 Elemantz for life my man Thyme
Proof, Kyu and Denaun, we move through into time
My crews true and divine, we never fronted
We just wanted to be funded, and live to be a hundred
Instead of hunted or being wanted as fugitives
It's all about a man planning what his future is
What he can do for his to be a star

No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh

That's what I'm talking about, I'm not trying to be the player,
I'm trying to be the man, I'm want to be President
Yo forgot that President man I'm trying to be king,
Making dead presidents, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah
Getting money anytime I want owning my own businesses and all that,
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I'm trying to be a millionare man, hahaha, but don't all you know
You only live once
Ninety six baby
Women Singing:
Ain't no one special, special like you
No one's special, special like you (3X)
I been searching, but you're the one I want in my life baby (4X)

Verse 1: Eminem
I'm reminiscing on your tenderness and the snuggling and teasing
Missing what I remember, kissing and hugging and squeezing
Bugging and weezing, I'm having trouble when breathing
It's even tougher when sleeping
But there's a couple of reasons that I'm suffering and grieving
For loving and leaving, you're all I'm thinking of in the evening
You got my knees buckling and weakening
Thoughts of nothing but freaking that I'm struggling to keep in
And interrupt when I'm speaking
I got some game that I'm preparing to run
The way your lips sparkle and they glare in the sun
You got your hair in a bun, no matter what you're wearing you stun
Cause your comparing to none, I wanna share in the fun
I feel a passionate lust when I'm imagining just us alone at last with a
Touch
I see you grasping to trust, but my intentions are good
The seed is passing in dust
I'm not asking to rush and answer me immediately
I just wanna be there for you and you to be there for me
If you agree to repeat after me, I Love You (I love you baby)
'Cause I just need you to see, how much I'm eager to be
Your man legally wed, your love's keeping me fed
This is easily said, so you can lead or be led
If you care to be down cause ain't nobody Like you no where to be found

Women Singing:
I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby (4X)

Verse 2: Denaun Porter
Baby it's all on you, it's you I call on boo
Let's set a day up so you can fall on through
We'll take a spin in a Lexus you can chill for dinner and breakfast
Long enough to see how this gentleman sex'es
We'll start it out with caviar, Don Parigne
And then when it's a fact we are warm, carry on
We'll take it slow, see nobody will hurry things
I got the herbs the Bacardi and Hurricane
If Daiquiris are in debate and not your thing that day
It's still all right 'cause I got Minute Maid and Tangeray
Your an incredible one that's rare, in bed with edible underwear
You look impeccable, nothing compares
I dream of freaking you, the women that will speak it too so
It seems that there is not an end to things that we can do so
Now we all set to play, only thing left to say is
When you step away, baby but don't forget the Neglicie

Women Singing:
I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby (8X)
(Fades) No one special, special like you (2X)
Police voice:
Attention all units, attention all units
We have an All Points Bulletin out on a man with green hair
I repeat, we have an APB on a man with green hair
He's armed with a knife, I repeat, he's armed with a knife
Proceed with caution, watch your back fella's
He could be coming at your girlfriend next

There's a joker on the loose from the psychiatric ward
His face is up on the bulletin board with a reward
He'll stab you with a sword don't be fooled by his charm
He's probably armed with intent to do bodily harm
Ring the alarm, look for a man with green hair
Check at your girl's house, he was last seen there
He's has a mean stare but usually crack's jokes
Good luck on your mission and guard your backs folks

I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

We got the walkie-talkies to keep us all informed
Suited up head to toe in detective uniforms
Our unit storms in, we split the ghetto in sectors
Locking down every block and put up metal detectors
Protectors and be sure that you stand close
Watch each others backs and guard your command post
And most of all be advised that he's wise
He could be disguised as one of your very own guys

I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

I'm on a solo mission to find him personally
To settle the score and beat then him mercifully
For what he first did to me
It's sure to be the last
Following footprints with a magnifying glass
To drag his lying ass back to his padded cell
I'm mad as hell, on the trail of the tattle tail
I heard a yell the voice sounded familiar
"Give me your girlfriend or I'm gonna kill ya"

I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

I followed the voice that led down a flight of steps
Sneezing at dust, and swinging at the spider-webs
Inside the depths of his basement
I taste lint in my mouth, then the lights in the place' went!
I saw my life flash in front of my eyes
I felt a butcher knife slash at one of my thighs
None of my guys knew where I'm at I was doomed
Then I remembered the flashlight in my costume

I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

Dealing with backstabber's there was one thing I learned
They're only powerful when you got your back turned
I yearned for the day that we finally met again
So I can give him a taste of his own medicine
He shed his skin, then he promised to come clean
I took his butcher knife and jabbed it into his spleen
Cut him at the seam then dragged the fella home
Beating him over the head with the telephone

Police voice:
Attention all cars, attention all cars
Unit 313 has apprehended the suspect
He's going back to the crazy home, I repeat
He's going back to the crazy home, how about that?

I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
Men singing:
Jealous! (8X)

Girls voice: (Talking over the singing)
Jealous!?! What he mean jealous, know what I'm saying?
He just mad 'cause he got with some ugly hoes, know what I'm saying?
Girls don't buy him no clothes, He bought that ho some clothes!
He don't buy me no clothes, Nigga ain't got no money, no vibe, no dick
I mean, What do I got to be jealous for?
He ain't gonna make it no where, he ain't got no type of time
He has no career move, I mean...

I come home every single day from working double shifts
And stop along the way to pick you up a couple gifts
I come inside and you pretend you miss me when you kiss me
Then you diss me and we strenuously fight continuously
Again you frisk me, for numbers trying to bust me
It must be only just because you never learned to trust me
Plus we only squabble only irrelevant issues
Too many tissues, for my feelings you misuse
I buy you jewelry, you make a fool of me
I bring you diamond rings you say I'm bad at timing things
So what's a man to do when all I hand to you is handed back to me
You act to be this gangsta bitch, that ain't what first attracted me
I used to love your company now you always bugging me
For information and you tell your friends you plan on dumping me
So I'ma wait for your evacuation
Cause every accusation makes me wanna smack your face in
See I've never been so sure, and your just insecure
So my solution to your jealousy presents a cure
I recommend you take your things and check them in
Look at the nervous wreck I'm in, I need my second wind, Say What?

Chorus: Men Singing
Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy (8X)

Women's Voice: (Talking over singing)
Fuck you and what you going through
Fuck Eminem, he just mad 'cause I left that nigga for another man
Me and Eminem don't need nothing but my and his money
Immature, Me? Nigga ain't got no dick, no swang in his thang
Know what I'm saying? He just mad 'cause I'm getting it all night
Jealous of me, know what I'm saying? That's what I'm talking about
Mother fucker just trying to get his pussy

I used to be a puppet and a sucker for your silent treatments
I used to be intoxicated with your sweet sense
Until the day I started following your feetprints
And tapping in your phone conversations through the heat vents
It made complete sense, there's someone else you like
So I confronted you and asked you who was Mike?
And you was like, **I need a new nigga** (sampled)
Someone rich that I could follow
And you'll be over me by the time you see tomorrow
Leaving me in sorrow, Brandy never felt so broken hearted
I fell apart when you departed then the joking started
I was an open target, you play comedian
And I became the laughing stock. but now I'm on my feet again
And so we meet again, your acting like an ex-wife
All in my sex life, I got a message from Phife
He goes, "You didn't want me to see you then, I don't want you now"
Take a towel, wipe your brow, quit trying to hunt me down
You run me down and now your trying to apologize
For all the lies and every time you made me ball my eyes
Because I got a bigger wallet size, you wanna swing it
Jealousy is in the house y'all, Fellas sing it...

Chorus: Men Singing
Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy (12X)
(Slim Shady)
"Eminem!"

(Eminem)
"No!"

(Slim Shady)
"Eminem!"

(Eminem)
"No!"

(Slim Shady Laughs)
"Wake the fuck up, motherfucker!"

(Eminem)
"What do you want from me?!"

(Slim Shady laughs again)
"Remember me?"

(Eminem)
"I killed you!"

(Slim Shady)
"You thought I was dead, didn't you?"

(Eminem)
"What do you want from me!?"

(Slim Shady)
"I'm alive!"

(Eminem)
"Oh, my God!"

(Slim Shady)
"Get up."

(Eminem)
"No!"

(Slim Shady)
"Get up and look in the mirror."

(Eminem)
"I don't want to!"

(Slim Shady)
"Look in the mirror, to see your reflection."

(Eminem)
"Leave me alone!"

(Slim Shady Laughs again)
"Look in the mirror --- you're nothing! you're nothing without me!
Look in the motherfucking mirror!"

(Eminem)
"NO!" 
Warning, this shit's gon be rated R, restricted
You see this bullet hole in my neck? It's self inflicted
Doctor slapped my momma, "Bitch you got a sick kid"
Arrested, molested myself and got convicted
Wearing visors, sunglasses and disguises
Cause my split personality is having an identity crisis
I'm Dr. Hyde and Mr. Jekyl
Disrespectful
Hearing voices in my head while these whispers echo
"Murder Murder Redrum"
Brain size of a bread crumb
Which drug will I end up dead from
Inebriated, till my stress is eleviated
"How in the fuck can Eminem and shady be related?"
Illiterate, illigitimate shit spitter
Bitch getter, hid in the bush like Margot Kidder
Jumped out (Ah!) killed the bitch and did her
Use to let the babysitter suck my dick when I was little'er
Smoke a blunt while I'm titty fuckin' Bette Midler
Sniper, waiting on your roof like the Fiddler
Y'all thought I was gonna rhyme with Riddler
Didn't Ya? Bring your bitch I wanna see if this dick gon' fit in her

(Redman Sample)
I'm low down and I'm shiftee
And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack'em
And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from

I lace tunes, I'm out this world like Space Moons
With a bunch crazed loons dismissin brains like braze wounds
Nothing but idiots and misfits, dipshits
Doing whippits, passed out like Sanford snippits
Where's the weed, I wanna tamper with it
I'ma let your grandpa hit it
Mix it up with cocaine so her can't forget it
Fuck it, maybe I'm a bum
But I was put on this earth to make your baby mama cum
So what I'm on is way beyond the bomb or any alcoholic beverage
Losing all of my leverage
Went up inside the First National Bank broke, and left rich
Walking bio-hazard causing wreckage
Smoked out like?
Band just making my neck itch
What the fuck? Gimme the tech bitch
You just lost your tip, there's a pubic hair in my breakfast
Got shit popping off like bottle cap tips
Get your cap peeled like the dead skin of your mama's chapped lips
Slap hips, support domestic violence
Beat your bitches ass while your kids stare in silence
I'm just joking, is Dirty Dozen's really dust smoking?
If all your shit's missing, than probably one of us broke in

My head's ringing, like it was Spider Sense tingling
Lit it like Green Bay did when they shitted on New England
I'm out the game, put the second string in
This Brandy got my swinging
Bobbing back and forth like a penguin
Delinquent, toking microphones with Broken English
Make your mama be like "Oh! This is good! Who sing this?"
"Slim Shady, his tape is dope, I love it
It's rugged, but he needs to quit talking all that drug shit."
It was predicted by a medic
I'd grow to be an addicted diabetic
Living off liquid Triametic
Pathetic, but I don't think this headache's ever vanishing
Panicing, I think I might have just took too much Anasin
Frozen Manaquin, posted stiffer than a statue
I think I'm dying, God is that you?
Somebody help me, before I OD on an LP
Take me to ER ASAP for and IV
Motherfuck JOP, they don't support no hip hop
They say that's where it ends, the closest they gon come is Tupac
It's politics, it's all a fix
Setup by these white blue collared hicks
Just to make a dollar off of black music
With a subliminal ball of tricks
But those can kiss ass and swallow dicks
Spoken:
Life; by Marshall Mathers
What is life?
Life is like a big obstacle in front of your optical to slow you down, and every time you think you gotten past it, it's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground
What are friends?
Friends are people that you think are your friends, but they really your enemies with secret identities and disguises to hide they true colors
So just when you think you close enough to be brothers, they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin'
What is money?
Money is what makes a man act funny
Money is the root of all evil
Money'll make them same friends come back around, swearing that they was always down!
What is life?
I'm tired of life!

I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins
I'm tired of committing so many sins
Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins
Tired of never having any ends
Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins
I'm tired of this DJ playing your shit when he spins
Tired of not having a deal
Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel
Tired of drowning in my sorrow
Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo
I'm tired of motherfuckers spraying shit and dartin' off
I'm tired of jobs startin' off at five fifty an hour
Then this boss wonders why I'm smartin' off
I'm tired of being fired every time I fart and cough
Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk
For this jerk breathing down my neck, driving me berserk
I'm tired of using plastic silverware
Tired of working in Building Square, tired of not being a millionaire

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand
I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
It wouldn't be enough, 'cause I'd still be out robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

I'm tired of being white trash: broke and always poor
Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store
Tired of not having a phone
Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have one on
Tired of not driving a BM
Tired of not working at GM, tired of wanting to be him
Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM
Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum
Tired of not being on tour
Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work in the back of a Contour
I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones
Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns
Tired of being stared at
Tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat
Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz
Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs
Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin' half the skill as me
Saying they wasn't feeling me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me"
I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs
Tired of JLB saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives"

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand
I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
It wouldn't be enough, 'cause I'd still be out robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

Spoken:
You know what I'm saying?
I'm tired of all of this bullshit!
Telling me to be positive?
How'm I 'posed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?!
You know what I'm sayin'?
I rap about shit around me, shit I see, know what I'm sayin'?
Right now I'm tired of everything!
Tired of all this playa hating that's going on in my own city, can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin'?
But hey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin'?
Just fed up!
That's my word!
Whoa!
A get your hands in the air, and get to clappin' 'em
And like, back and forth because ah
This is... what you thought it wasn't...
It beez.. the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G *coughing*
And check out the man he goes by the name of er...

Slim Shady, brain dead like Jan Brady
I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady
I'm buzzin', Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursin' at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gon' sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we comin' out in the open
I'm doin' acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin' dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet cause I'm comin' up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch, I'm comin' out swingin', so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You gettin' knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The Proof is in the puddin', just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfuckin' throat worse than Ron Goldman

So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screamin' "Fuck the world," like 2Pac
I just don't give a fuck!!
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!!

So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!!

I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a search to crush a milkbone
I'm everlasting, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin'
Flavor with no seasonin', this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady, M&M was the old initials (Bye-bye!)
Extortion, snortin', supportin' abortion
Pathological liar, blowin' shit outta proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumpin' your dead body inside of a fuckin' trash can
With more holes than an Afghan

So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screamin' "Fuck the world," like 2Pac
I just don't give a fuck!!
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!!

So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!!

Somebody let me out this limousine (Hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon, on stage screamin' like Rage Against the Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shootin' up while this record is spinnin'
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck droppin' the jewel, I'm flippin' the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfuckin' style, just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of naggin' bosses bitchin' while I'm washin' dishes
In school I never said much, too busy havin' a head rush
Doin' too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in 8th grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snortin' coke and smokin' weed again
I'm goin' up over the curb, drivin' on the median
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in

So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screamin' "Fuck the world," like 2Pac
I just don't give a fuck!!
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!!

So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you fin' ta get stuck, stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!!

Shit, fuck everyone!
Outsidaz...
Pace One...
Young Zee...
Fuck the entire world!
Intro: Frogg

Whoa!
A get your hands in the air, and get to clappin 'em
And like, back and forth because ah
This is... what you thought it wasn't
It beez... the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G *coughing in background*
And check out the man he goes by the name of er...

Verse One: Eminem

Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady
I'm buzzin, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursin at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we comin' out in the open
I'm doin' acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin' dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm comin' up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch, I'm comin' out swingin', so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You gettin' knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The +Proof+ is in the puddin', just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfuckin throat worse than Ron Goldman

So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screamin Fuck the World like Tupac
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!
But see me on the street and duck
Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuuuuuck!

Verse Two: Eminem

I'm Nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Serch to crush a Miilkbone
I'm Everlast-ing, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin
Flavor with no seasonin, this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!)
Extortion, snortin, supportin abortion
Pathological liar, blowin' shit out of proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumpin your dead body inside of a fuckin' trash can
With more holes than an Afghan

Verse Three: Eminem

Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon, on stage screamin like Rage Against the Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shootin up while this record is spinnin
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck droppin' the jewel, I'm flippin the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfuckin style, just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of naggin bosses bitchin while I'm washin dishes
In school I never said much, too busy havin' a headrush
Doin' too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snortin coke and smokin' weed again
I'm goin' up over the curb, drivin' on the median
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in

Outro: Eminem

Hey, fuck that!
Outsidaz...
Pace One...
Young Zee...
Come on hey hey we goin' to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let dada strap you in the car seat
Where's Mama?
She's takin' a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell dada must have run over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin':
It's kind of late to go swimmin'
But you know your mama she's one of those types of women
Who does crazy things and if she don't get her way she'll throw a fit
Don't play with daddy's toy knife, honey, let go of it
And don't be so upset, why you actin' bashful?
Don't you wanna help dadda build a sand castle?
And mama said she wants to show how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch it don't hurt
Her was eatin' dinner while you was sleepin' and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy, isn't she, we'll let her wash off in the water
And me and you can play by ourselves, can't we?

Just the two of us (sung) repeat 8-9 times

There's a place called heaven and a place called hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And dada's probably on his way to all of 'em except one
'Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya? (Na)
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better, I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say that mama was real, real bad
She was bein' mean to dad and made him real, real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her in time out
Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin' to climb out
I told you it's okay, hey hey, wanna baba?
Take a night-night, nana-boo, goo-goo ga-ga
Humma goo-goo caca, dad'll change your dighty
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
You're dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
'97 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter

Just the two of us (sung)

Wake up sleepy head we're here
Before we play, we're gonna take mama for a little walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sleepy to hear you screamin' in her ear
That's why you can't get her to wake
But don't worry, dada made a nice bed for mama at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help dada tie a rope around this rock?
We'll tie it to her footsies then will roll her off the dock
Ready now, here we go, on the count of three
One, two, three... weeeeeeeeee
There goes mama splashin' in the water
No more fightin' your dad, no more restrainin' order
No more step dada, no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her
We'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk

Just the two of us (sung)
Bizarre
Yeah... ha ha ha (BANG!), Yeah, Bizarre Kid comin' at you
Eminem and Fuzz, and Mr. Swifty, ha ha

No one's iller than me (wha?)
No one, no one is iller than me
No one is iller than me
It's Mr. Swifty from the 313...

Swift
I make rappers wanna turn into singers
I keep hoes lickin' they fingers
Bring this competition and face this meanin'
Got your whole crew doing subpeonas
Hell nah you ain't seen a crew genius
Murder whoever's between us, pack your heaters
Keep it close, you can't beat us
While your whole crew treat us like G's, you best believe this
I done made quadrapalegics outta these non-rappin' rejects
While the whole world ejects your tape, it ain't no secret
That your shit sounds fake, you can't stop it my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
I'm like Two-Face, I'm painful to rappers then you can tell
From these shells, how I gotta bend 'em like route canals
I erase all trails, somethin' farther from gettin' bail
Makes you wanna kill an emcee yourself, you might as well
Be within a 25 to life sentence, on linkin' trials
Horrified, and keep on frontin', repentin' and lose they bowels
Everything is foul when Swift's around, vacate now
Niggas dumb enough to try to front and escape, how?
I'm gonna take this 'gnac and drink it straight wild
Niggas steady fallin' in my face like milk crates, BLAAAOW!

It's Swifty from the 313
Like I said no one is iller than me, unnhh!

Fuzz
Me and Eminem and Mike
Drivin' down Van Dyke
Get my dick sucked late at night by a fuckin' transvestite
Still on probation for stranglin' my boy Jason
Should be takin' my medication, it's 9 to 10 I'm facin'
Last week this old man I had to blast
'Cause he tried to help me out when my car was out of gas
Ripped this old lady, hung her neck by a hook
Didn't realize it was my grandmother till I checked her pocketbook
Fuckin' with the white boys got me back on crack
Better explain where the hell your TVs and VCRs is at
I done lost 100 pounds, I ain't been eatin' like I should
This wounded dog in the street is sure lookin' good!
Rob this little boy in his fuckin' paper route
Throwin' bottles at day care centers and yell "EVERYBODY GET OUT"!
My girl beat my ass and shot me in the back with a 2-piece
'Cause she found out I was havin' an affair with her 10-year old niece

No one, no one's iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313

Eminem
Nobody better test me, 'cause I don't wanna get messy
Especially when I step inside this bitch, dick freshly
New Lugz, give the crew hugs, guzzle two mugs
Before I do drugs that make me throw up like flu bugs
True thugs, rugged unshaven messy scrubs
Whippin' 40-bottles like the fuckin' Pepsi clubs
Down a fifth, crack open a six
I'm on my seventh 8-ball, now I gotta take a piss
I'm hollerin' at these hoes that got boyfriends
Who gives a fuck who they was
I'm always takin' someone else's girl like Cool J does
They probably don't be packin' anyways, do they Fuzz?
We walked up, stomped they asses and blew they buzz
Mics get sandblasted
Stab your abdomen with a hand crafted pocketknife and spill your antacid
Sprayed your motherfuckin' crib up when I ran past it
Fuckin' felon, headed to hell in a handbasket
Talkin' shit will get you, your girl and your man blasted
Kidnapped and slapped in a van wrapped in Saran plastic
Get your damn ass kicked, by these fantastic
Furious four motherfuckers
Flashin' in front of your face without the Grand Masters

Slim Shady, ain't nobody iller than me

Fuzz
I run shit like an ass with legs
Massive lead to leave your cabbage red
Similar to your ass in a casket dead
Drastic spread of acid heads
Come to abort you like a bastard egg
That trash you said got you standin' on plastic legs
Ask the feds from past the edge
Rockin' the most classic threads
Flashin' bread, roll down the window
Bitch you got some fantastic legs, you can get till that ass get red
You can get till that ass get red
Bizarre you get him and him, Swift you get him and him
I'll get him and him, leave the other two for my nigga Eminem
Never writer's block, I block writers
My block's tighter, ante up and get your top fighters
Got fired for jumpin' the counter with a mop stick
Some bitch ran up screamin' GET THE COPS QUICK!
And got drop kicked, now she screamin' "Stop it..."
Got clips to stop shit, rock shit and grab this hot shit
Wherever you shop bitch, Fuzz Scooter '97 crop pick
Sick a-y'all niggaz lookin' at me like I got tits
I shoot a rocket through your optic
You niggaz still don't know the top pick?
I got bricks, lose my foot in your ass
And have you shittin' socks bitch!
We rock shit, leave your fuckin' knot split
Grab the green from Al by showin' him hot grits
(No one...)

Ain't nobody iller than me

Bizarre
It's the Mr. Fuzzy from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Eminem and Swift from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Fuzz and Buzz-arre from the 313

You have now witnessed 4 ill emcees!
From the home of potholes and trash
We'll lyrically blast...
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

Left the keys in the van, with a Gat in each hand
Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman
Fuck a peace plan if a citizen bystands
This shit is in my hands, here's your life span
And for what your life's worth this money is twice that
Grab a couple grand and lay-up in Iceland
See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan
I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin'
Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin'
Shot a man twice in the back when he tried skatin'
I want the whole pie, I won't be denied nathan
Maybe I need my head inside straightened
Brain contemplatin', clean out the register
Dip before somebody catches ya
Or gets your description an' sketches ya
Then connects you as the prime suspect
But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet
'Cause I got a daughter to feed
And $200 ain't enough to water the seed
The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell an' hit up Chess King
And have the lady at the desk bring
Money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin' the MAC
Cooperate and we can operate and save an attack
This bitch tried to escape in the jack
Grabbed her by the throat, it's Murder She Wrote
You barely heard a word as she choked
It wasn't nuttin' for her to be smoked
Then I slammed her on her back till her vertebrae broke
Just then the pigs bust in yellin' "Freeze!"
But I'm already wanted for sellin' ki's
And a bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin' bees
So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees
I bust shots, they bust back
Hit me square in the chest, I wasn't wearin' a vest...

All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

Left the house, pullin' out the drive, backin' out
(?) Backin' out, this lady's Jag started blackin' out
Pulled the MAC-10 out and stuck it in her face
Shut ya yackin' mouth before I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp
Drug her by her hair, smacked her up
Thinkin' fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up
Stole her car, made a profit
Grabbed a tape from out the deck and offed it out the window
Like the girl on Set It Off did
Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal
Drove it through somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin' pool
Climbed out and collapsed on the patio
I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though
Parents screamin', "Johnny, go in and call the police.
Tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!"
Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up
Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff
Actin' like they never seen nobody hit a (?) before
Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64
When they sell out in stores the price triples
I ran up the block jumpin' kids on tricycles
And collided with an 80-year old lady with groceries
There goes the cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties
Stood up and started to see stars
Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars
Barely escaped, must o' been some dumb-luck
Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin' dump truck
But I think somebody seen me maybe
Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I must o' dropped the Beanie Baby
Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits
Came out with a white flag hollerin' "Truce, truce!" (Don't shoot!)
Surrendered my weapon to cops.
"Wasn't me! It was the gangsta rap and the peppermint Schnopps."

All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

(Scratches to fade out)
Spoken:
Life; by Marshall Mathers
What is life?
Life is like a big obstacle in front of your optical to slow you down, and every time you think you gotten past it, it's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground
What are friends?
Friends are people that you think are your friends, but they really your enemies with secret identities and disguises to hide they true colors
So just when you think you close enough to be brothers, they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin'
What is money?
Money is what makes a man act funny
Money is the root of all evil
Money'll make them same friends come back around, swearing that they was always down!
What is life?
I'm tired of life!

I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins
I'm tired of committing so many sins
Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins
Tired of never having any ends
Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins
I'm tired of this DJ playing your shit when he spins
Tired of not having a deal
Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel
Tired of drowning in my sorrow
Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo
I'm tired of motherfuckers spraying shit and dartin' off
I'm tired of jobs startin' off at five fifty an hour
Then this boss wonders why I'm smartin' off
I'm tired of being fired every time I fart and cough
Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk
For this jerk breathing down my neck, driving me berserk
I'm tired of using plastic silverware
Tired of working in Building Square, tired of not being a millionaire

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand
I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
It wouldn't be enough, 'cause I'd still be out robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

I'm tired of being white trash: broke and always poor
Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store
Tired of not having a phone
Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have one on
Tired of not driving a BM
Tired of not working at GM, tired of wanting to be him
Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM
Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum
Tired of not being on tour
Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work in the back of a Contour
I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones
Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns
Tired of being stared at
Tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat
Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz
Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs
Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin' half the skill as me
Saying they wasn't feeling me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me"
I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs
Tired of JLB saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives"

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand
I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
It wouldn't be enough, 'cause I'd still be out robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

Spoken:
You know what I'm saying?
I'm tired of all of this bullshit!
Telling me to be positive?
How'm I 'posed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?!
You know what I'm sayin'?
I rap about shit around me, shit I see, know what I'm sayin'?
Right now I'm tired of everything!
Tired of all this playa hating that's going on in my own city, can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin'?
But hey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin'?
Just fed up!
That's my word!
Whoa!
A get your hands in the air, and get to clappin' 'em
And like, back and forth because ah
This is... what you thought it wasn't...
It beez.. the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G *coughing*
And check out the man he goes by the name of er...

Slim Shady, brain dead like Jan Brady
I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady
I'm buzzin', Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursin' at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gon' sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we comin' out in the open
I'm doin' acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin' dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet cause I'm comin' up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch, I'm comin' out swingin', so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You gettin' knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The Proof is in the puddin', just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfuckin' throat worse than Ron Goldman

So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screamin' "Fuck the world," like 2Pac
I just don't give a fuck!!
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!!

So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!!

I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a search to crush a milkbone
I'm everlasting, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin'
Flavor with no seasonin', this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady, M&M was the old initials (Bye-bye!)
Extortion, snortin', supportin' abortion
Pathological liar, blowin' shit outta proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumpin' your dead body inside of a fuckin' trash can
With more holes than an Afghan

So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screamin' "Fuck the world," like 2Pac
I just don't give a fuck!!
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!!

So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!!

Somebody let me out this limousine (Hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon, on stage screamin' like Rage Against the Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shootin' up while this record is spinnin'
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck droppin' the jewel, I'm flippin' the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfuckin' style, just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of naggin' bosses bitchin' while I'm washin' dishes
In school I never said much, too busy havin' a head rush
Doin' too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in 8th grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snortin' coke and smokin' weed again
I'm goin' up over the curb, drivin' on the median
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in

So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screamin' "Fuck the world," like 2Pac
I just don't give a fuck!!
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!!

So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you fin' ta get stuck, stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!!

Shit, fuck everyone!
Outsidaz...
Pace One...
Young Zee...
Fuck the entire world!
Jeff Bass
This is a public Service Announcement brought to you
In part, by Slim Shady

The views and events expressed here are totally fucked
And are not necessarily the views of anyone

However, the events and suggestions that appear
On this album are not to be taken lightly

Children should not partake in the listening
Of this album with laces in their shoes

Slim Shady is not responsible for your actions
Upon purchasing this album
You have agreed not to try this at home

Anything else?

Eminem
Yeah, Don't do drugs
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady

(Ahem. Excuse me! Can I have the attention of the class for one second?)

Hi, kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah-yeah-yeah!)
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?)

My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin' to get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Umm...)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!"
Uh-uh! "Then why's your face red? Man, you wasted!"

Well, since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else
'Cause I hung my original self, from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off, and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard, I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross

I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch, who sat down too fast
C'mere slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg!)
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off!

Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady

My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser
Chased him with a stapler, stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Ow-w-w-w!)

Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
Extra-terrestrial, running over pedestrians
In a spaceship, while they're screamin' at me, "Let's just be friends!"

Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out, my mom does more dope than I do (Damn!)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doin' drugs and name it after her (Oh, thank you!)

You know you blew up when the women rush the stands
And try to touch your hands like some screamin' Usher fans (Ahh! Ahhhhh!)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole!'

Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady

Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate!
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that!)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive (Huh, yup!)

Am I comin' or goin'? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops!)

Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (Hahh-too)
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere)
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How ya gonna breastfeed me, mom?! You ain't got no tits! (Waah, wahh!)

I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
Put a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang!)
I'm steamin' mad, (Arrhh!) and by the way when you see my dad (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had

Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Who?) My name is...
(Huh?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady

As heard on: Curtain Call: The Hits

My English teacher wanted to have sex in junior high, the only problem was, my English teacher was a guy

Extra-terrestrial, killin' pedestrians, rapin' lesbians, while they screamin' "Let's just be friends!
Narrator
Meet Eddie, 23 years old.
Fed up with life and the way things are going, he decides to rob a liquor store.
(I can't take this no more. I can't take it no more, homes.)
But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart.
And suddenly, his conscience comes into play.

Dr. Dre
Alright, stop! (Huh?) Now before you walk in the door
Of this liquor store and try to get money out the drawer
You'd better think of the consequence
(But who are you?) I'm your motherfuckin' conscience.

Eminem
That's nonsense.
Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress and one of her blonde wigs. (Can I borrow this?)
Tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for days
If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades

Dr. Dre
Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you.
Think about it, before you walk in the door first.
Look at the store clerk, she's older then George Burns.

Eminem
Fuck that. Do that shit. Shoot that bitch.
Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch?
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?

Dr. Dre
Man, don't do it. It's not worth it to risk it. (You're right.)
Not over this shit. (Stop!)
Drop the biscuit. (I will!)
Don't even listen to Slim, yo. He's bad for you.

Eminem
You know what, Dre? I don't like your attitude.

(It's all right, c'mon, just come in here for a minute.)
(Mmm, I don't know.)
(Look, baby.)
(Damn!)
(Look, it's gonna be all right, right?)
(Well, okay.)

Narrator
Meet Stan, 21 years old.
After meeting a young girl at a rave party,
Thing's start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom.
Once again, his conscience comes into play.

Eminem
Now listen to me: while you're kissin' her cheek
Smearin' her lipstick,
I slip this in her drink.
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe...

Dr. Dre
Yo, this girl's only 15 years old.
You shouldn't take advantage of her, it's not fair.

Eminem
Yo, look at her bush. Does it got hair? (Uh-huh.)
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare
Till she passes out and she forgot how she got there.

Dr. Dre 
Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie Kids?

Eminem
No, but I seen the porno with Son Doobiest!

Dr. Dre
Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?

Eminem
Man, fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail.

(Hee. It feels good to be home.)

Narrator
Meet Grady, a 29 year old construction worker.
After coming home from a hard day's work, 
He walks in the door of his trailer park home 
To find his wife in bed with another man.
(What the fuck?!)
(Grady!!)

Dr. Dre
Alright, calm down. Relax, start breathin'.

Eminem
Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin'.
While you at work, she's with some dude, tryin' to get off?
Fuck slittin' her throat! Cut this bitch's head off!!

Dr. Dre
Wait, what if there's an explanation for this shit?

Eminem 
What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick?

Dr. Dre
Alright, Shady.
Maybe he's right, Grady.
But think about the baby,
Before you get all crazy.

Eminem
Okay! Thought about it. Still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her
That's what I did. Be smart, don't be a retard. 
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes!?

Dr. Dre
What'd you say? 

Eminem 
What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?

Dr. Dre
Imma kill you, motherfucker! 

Eminem
Ah-ah, temper, temper!
Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.? Mr. AK
Coming straight outta Compton, y'all better make way?
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?

Dr. Dre
'Cuz he don't need to go the same route that I went.
Been there, done that. 
Aw, fuck it, what am I sayin'?
Shoot 'em both, Grady, where's your gun at?
*gunshots*
Scalpel
(Here)
Sponge
(Here)
Wait, he's convulsing, he's convulsing
(Ah)
We're gonna have to shock him (Oh my, oh my God)
We're gonna have to shock him (Oh my God)

These are the results of a thousand electric volts
A neck with bolts, (Nurse we're losin' him, check the pulse)
A kid who refused to respect adults
Wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose
A corny lookin' white boy, scrawny and always ornery
'Cause I was always sick of brawny bullies pickin' on me
And I might snap, one day just like that
I decided to strike back and flatten every tire on the bike rack
My first day in junior high, this kid said
"It's you and I, three o'clock sharp this afternoon you die"
I looked at my watch it was 1:20
(I already gave you my lunch money what more do you want from me?)
He said, "Don't try to run from me, you'll just make it worse"
My palms were sweaty, and I started to shake at first
Something told me, "Try to fake a stomach ache it works"
I screamed, "Ow, my appendix feels like they could burst
Teacher, teacher, quick I need a naked nurse"
(What's the matter?) I don't know, my leg, it hurts"
(Leg? I thought you said it was your tummy?)
Oh, I mean it is, but I also got a bum knee
(Mr. Mathers, the fun and games are over
And just for that stunt, you're gonna get some extra homework)
But don't you wanna give me after school detention?
(Nah, that bully wants to beat your ass and I'mma let him)

Brain damage, ever since the day I was born
Drugs is what they used to say I was on
They say I never knew which way I was goin'
But everywhere I go they keep playin' my song

Brain damage, ever since the day I was born
Drugs is what they used to say I was on
They say I never knew which way I was goin'
But everywhere I go they keep playin' my song
Brain damage

Way before my baby daughter Hailey
I was harassed daily by this fat kid named D'Angelo Bailey
An eighth grader who acted obnoxious, 'cause his father boxes
So everyday he'd shove me in the lockers
One day he came in the bathroom while I was pissin'
And had me in the position to beat me into submission
He banged my head against the urinal till he broke my nose
Soaked my clothes in blood, grabbed me and choked my throat
I tried to plead and tell him, "We shouldn't beef"
But he just wouldn't leave, he kept chokin' me and I couldn't breathe
He looked at me and said, "You gonna die honkey"
The principal walked in (What's going on in here?)
And started helpin' him stomp me
I made them think they beat me to death
Holdin' my breath for like five minutes before they finally left
Then I got up and ran to the janitor's storage booth
Kicked the door hinge loose and ripped out the four inch screws
Grabbed some sharp objects, brooms, and foreign tools
"This is for every time you took my orange juice
Or stole my seat in the lunchroom and drank my chocolate milk
Every time you tipped my tray and it dropped and spilt
I'm gettin' you back bully, now once and for good"
I cocked the broomstick back and swung hard as I could
And beat him over the head with it till I broke the wood
Knocked him down, stood on his chest with one foot
Made it home, later that same day
Started reading a comic and suddenly everything became gray
I couldn't even see what I was tryna to read
I went deaf and my left ear started to bleed
My mother started screamin', "What are you on, drugs?
Look at you, you're gettin blood all over my rug" (Sorry)
She beat me over the head with the remote control
Opened a hole, and my whole brain fell out of my skull
I picked it up and screamed, "Look bitch, what have you done?"
(Oh my God, I'm sorry son) Shut up you cunt
I said, "Fuck it," took it and stuck it back up in my head
Then I sewed it shut and put a couple of screws in my neck

Brain damage, ever since the day I was born
Drugs is what they used to say I was on
They say I never knew which way I was goin'
But everywhere I go they keep playin' my song

Brain damage, ever since the day I was born
Drugs is what they used to say I was on
They say I never knew which way I was goin'
But everywhere I go they keep playin' my song
Brain damage

It's brain damage
I got brain damage
It's brain damage
It's probably brain damage
It's brain damage
Brain damage
I got brain damage
It's brain damage
As heard on The Slim Shady LP
Watch video at YouTubeDQbOzZ6zHdw|209|252

Em, What's goin' on, this is Paul Rosenberg, your faithful attorney at law.
Listen, I listened to the rough copy of your album and uhh, you know I just gotta be honest with you.
Could you tone it down a little bit, because there's only so much I can explain.
Gimme a call.

As heard on The Marshall Mathers LP

Em, what's goin' on, it's Paul.
Uhh, Dre gave me a copy of the new album, and I just... *sigh*
Fuck it.
*Hangs Up*

As heard on The Eminem Show
Watch video at YouTubeVL75Lf027B8|209|252

Em, it's Paul.
Listen, Joel just called me and he said you're in the fuckin' back behind his studio,
shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting range.
I told you not to fuckin' bring your gun around, like an idiot, outside of your home.
You're gonna get yourself in trouble.
Don't bring your gun outside of your home you can't carry it on you.
Leave your fucking gun at home.
*Hangs up*

As heard on Encore
Watch video at YouTubeKtbOED0Ag4o|209|252

Hey Em, it's Paul.
Uh, listen I just got a call from the label, and you're probably not gonna be surprised but uhm,
Michael Jackson is extremely upset about the Just Lose It video.
And uhm, I mean he's pissed, so I-I don't know what he's gonna do, but we gotta talk about how we're gonna handle this. Uhm...
Oh yeah, anyway, somebody told me that, uhm, they heard a rumor that you got a new gun, uhm.
I know it's probably not true, but I just need to talk to you about that. So, uh, give me a call. *Hangs Up*

As heard on Relapse
Watch video at YouTubeyrQlqJhAfOQ|209|252

Em, it's Paul.
Uhm, I just listened to the entire album.
And you gotta be fucking kidding me.
I mean with this Christopher Reeve shit, you know the guy's dead right?
And then the whole gay, step-father incest rape thing?
I don't have your back on this one, I can't even fuckin' handle it.
I'm done.
*Hangs Up*
Spoken:
Life; by Marshall Mathers
What is life?
Life is like a big obstacle in front of your optical to slow you down, and every time you think you gotten past it, it's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground
What are friends?
Friends are people that you think are your friends, but they really your enemies with secret identities and disguises to hide they true colors
So just when you think you close enough to be brothers, they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin'
What is money?
Money is what makes a man act funny
Money is the root of all evil
Money'll make them same friends come back around, swearing that they was always down!
What is life?
I'm tired of life!

I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins
I'm tired of committing so many sins
Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins
Tired of never having any ends
Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins
I'm tired of this DJ playing your shit when he spins
Tired of not having a deal
Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel
Tired of drowning in my sorrow
Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo
I'm tired of motherfuckers spraying shit and dartin' off
I'm tired of jobs startin' off at five fifty an hour
Then this boss wonders why I'm smartin' off
I'm tired of being fired every time I fart and cough
Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk
For this jerk breathing down my neck, driving me berserk
I'm tired of using plastic silverware
Tired of working in Building Square, tired of not being a millionaire

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand
I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
It wouldn't be enough, 'cause I'd still be out robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

I'm tired of being white trash: broke and always poor
Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store
Tired of not having a phone
Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have one on
Tired of not driving a BM
Tired of not working at GM, tired of wanting to be him
Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM
Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum
Tired of not being on tour
Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work in the back of a Contour
I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones
Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns
Tired of being stared at
Tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat
Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz
Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs
Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin' half the skill as me
Saying they wasn't feeling me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me"
I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs
Tired of JLB saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives"

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand
I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
It wouldn't be enough, 'cause I'd still be out robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

Spoken:
You know what I'm saying?
I'm tired of all of this bullshit!
Telling me to be positive?
How'm I 'posed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?!
You know what I'm sayin'?
I rap about shit around me, shit I see, know what I'm sayin'?
Right now I'm tired of everything!
Tired of all this playa hating that's going on in my own city, can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin'?
But hey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin'?
Just fed up!
That's my word!
Just the two of us (Baby your dada loves you) (Hey)
Just the two of us
Just the two of us (And I'mma always be here for you) (Hey)
Just the two of us (No matter what happens)

Just the two of us (You're all I got in this world) 
Just the two of us (I would never give you up for nothin'
Just the two of us (Nobody in this world)
Just the two of us (Is ever gonna keep you from me, I love you)

C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin' to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let dada strap you in the car seat
Oh where's mama? She's takin' a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell (Whew), dada must've runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin', it's kind of late to go swimmin'
But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women
That do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
Don't play with dada's toy knife, honey, let go of it (No)
And don't look so upset, why you actin' bashful?
Don't you want to help dada build a sand castle? (Yeah)
And mama said she wants to show you how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch, it don't hurt
Her was eatin dinner while you were sweepin' and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water
And me and you can play by ourselves, can't we?

Just the two of us, just the two of us (And when we ride)
Just the two of us, just the two of us (Just you and I)
Just the two of us, just the two of us (And when we ride)
Just the two of us, just the two of us (Just you and I)

See honey, there's a place called Heaven and a place called Hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And dada's probably on his way to all of them except one
'Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah)
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say mama was real, real bad
She was bein' mean to dad and made him real, real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out
Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (Wah)
I told you it's okay Hai Hai, wanna ba-ba?
Take a night-night? Nana-boo, goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make poo-poo ca-ca? Dada change your dia-dee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
'97 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter

Just the two of us, just the two of us (And when we ride)
Just the two of us, just the two of us (Just you and I)
Just the two of us, just the two of us (And when we ride)
Just the two of us, just the two of us (Just you and I)

Wake up, sweepy head, we're here
Before we pway, we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry, honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screaming in her ear (Mama?)
That's why you can't get her to wake
But don't worry, dada made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help dada tie a rope around this rock? (Yeah)
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free
One, two, free, whee
There goes mama, spwashin' in the water
No more fighting with dad, no more restraining order
No more step-dada, no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you wuv her (Mommy?)
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk

Just the two of us, just the two of us (And when we ride)
Just the two of us, just the two of us (Just you and I)
Just the two of us, just the two of us (And when we ride)
Just the two of us, just the two of us (Just you and I)

Just the two of us (Just me and you baby)
Just the two of us (Is all we need in this world)
Just the two of us (Just me and you)
Just the two of us

Your dada will always be there for you
Your dada's always gonna love you, remember that
If you ever need me I'mma always be here for you
If you ever need anything, just ask
Dada will be right there
Your dada loves you
I love you baby
*Girl talking on phone*
Justin, its Zoe, Um Kellie did not have me call you
However I just listened to Eminem in her car
It is the most disgusting thing I have ever heard
In my entire life and I seriously want to call his
Fucking agent and tell them how fucking disgusting he is
It like makes me upset, I am now nauseous and I cant eat lunch
Goodbye
Spoken:
Ok, I'm going to attempt to drown myself.
You can try this at home.
You can be just like me.
Mic check 1 2, we recordin'?

I'm cancerous,
so when I diss you wouldn't wanna answer this
If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus
I'll strangle you to death, then I'll choke you again
And break your fuckin' legs till your bones poke through your skin (Ahh)
You've beef with me, I'ma even the score equally:
Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally!
I get too blunted off of funny home grown
'Cause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono (Oh no!)
So if I said I never did drugs,
That would mean I lie and get fucked more that the president does!
Hillary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
I ripped her fucking tonsils out and fed her sherbet! (bitch!)
My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge
Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blonde dreads (C'mere, motherfucker!)
Every girl I ever went out with is goin' les'
Follow me and do exactly what the song says:
Smoke weed, take pills, drop outta school, kill people and drink
Jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
So I'm dumb enough to ask a for date with Lauryn Hill
Some people only see that I'm white, ignoring skill
'Cause I stand out like a green hat with an orange bill
But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist
How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist!
I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave,
Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave?
And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?

Now follow me and do exactly what you see
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
I slap women and eat shrooms, then O.D.
Now don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?

Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole
When we heard a knock on the door (knock), must've been Ron Gold
Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold
Killed 'em both then smeared blood on the white Bronco (We did it!)
My mind won't work
If my spine don't jerk
I slapped Garth Brooks out of his rhinestone shirt
I'm not a player just an ill rhyme-sayer
That'll spray an aerosol can up at the ozone layer (*psssssssh*)
My rap style's warped
I'm runnin' out the morgue
With your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch (*scream*)
Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on
And beat up Foghorn Leghorn
With an acorn
I'm about as normal as Norman Bates
with deformative traits
A premature birth that was four minutes late
"Mother, are you there? I love you!
I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel!" (*evil laugh*)
Will someone please explain
To my brain
That I just severed a main vein
With a chainsaw and I'm in pain?
I take a breather and sigh, either I'm high
Or I'm nuts, 'cause if you ain't tiltin' this room, neither am I
So when you see your mom with a thermometer
Shoved in her ass, then it probably is obvious I got it on with her
'Cause when I drop this solo shit it's over with
I bought Cage's tape, opened it and dubbed over it

I came to the club drunk and with a fake ID
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
I've been with 10 women who got HIV
Now don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
I got genital warts and it burns when I pee
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree
You probably wanna grow up the just like me!
(For all the ladies out there)
I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
And now you're lying in the corner crying
I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you're sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault, my fault
I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you're sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault, my fault

(Eminem)
I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave
And met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved (whistle)
A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
With first aid tape and raped on the first date
Susan -- an ex-heroin addict who just stopped usin'
Who love booze and alternative music (Whattup?)
Told me she was goin' back into usin' again (Nah!)
I said, "Wait, first try this hallucinogen
It's better than heroin, Henn, the booze or the gin
C'mere, let's go in here" *knocks on the door*
"Who's in the den?"
(R) "It's me and Kelly!"
"My bad, (sorry) let's try another room"
(S) "I don't trust you!"
"Shut up slut! Chew up this mushroom
This'll help you get in touch with your roots
We'll get barefoot, buttnaked, and run in the woods
(S) "Oh hell, I might as well try em, this party's so drag"
"Oh, dag! I didn't mean for you to eat the whole bag!" (Huh?!)

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you're sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault, my fault
(I'm sorry!)
I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you're sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault, my fault

Yo Sue
(S) "Get away from me! I don't know you"
Oh shoot, she's tripping
(S) "I need to go puke"
I wasn't trying to turn this into something major
I just wanted to make you appreciate nature
Susan, stop crying I don't hate ya
The world's not against you, I'm sorry your father raped ya
So what you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth
That ain't no reason to start wiggin' and spaz out
She said (S) "Help me, Slim, I think I'm having a seizure!"
I said "I'm high too bitch, quit grabbing my t-shirt! (let go)
Will you calm down, Sue? You're starting to scare me."
She said (S) "I'm 26 years old and I'm not married!
I don't even have any kids and I can't cook!"
I'm over here Sue, you're talking to the plant look
We need to get to a hospital before it's too late
'Cause I never seen no one eat as many shrooms as you ate

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you're sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault, my fault
(It was an accident!)
I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you're sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault, my fault

Susan (wait) where you going, you better be careful
(S) "Leave me alone dad, I'm sick of getting my hair pulled!"
I'm not your dad, quit trying to swallow your tongue
Want some gum? Put down the scissors before you do something dumb
I'll be right back, just chill baby please
I gotta go find Dave, he's the one who gave me these
John where's Dave at before I bash you
(J) "He's in the bathroom, I think he's taking a crap dude!"
Dave pull up your pants, we need an ambulance
There's a girl upstairs talking to plants, chopping her hair off
And there's only two days left of spring break,
How long does it take for these things to wear off?
(D) "Well it depends on how many you had"
I took 3, she eat the other 22 caps
Now she's upstairs crying out her eyeballs, drinking Lysol
(D) "She's gonna die, dude!"
I know and it's my fault (My God!)

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
(I'm sorry!)
But now you're sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault, my fault
(What did I do?)
I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you're sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault, my fault

My god, I'm so sorry! I'm so SORRY!
Susan, please wake up!
Please! Please WAKE UP! What are you doing?
You're not dead! You're not dead!
I know you're not dead...
Wake up...
Susan, wake up...
Oh, my God...
As heard on The Slim Shady LP 
Ken: Let's call this motherfucker
(Dials operator)
Ken: Oh, fuck yeah... give him a piece of my mind... piece of my ass
(Operator comes on)
Operator: Thanks for waiting. Hello, may I help you?
Ken: Oh, thank you. I need to make a collect call
Operator: What number?
Ken: Oh... the number's (censored)
Operator: At the tone, please say your name
(Beep)
Ken: Kenneth Kaniff, from Connecticut. (connecting) Automated piece of shit
Eminem: Yo?
Ken: Hey there, cock boy
Eminem: Who's this?
Ken: This is Ken Kaniff
Eminem: Who?
Ken: Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, you lil' bitch
Eminem: From Connecticut?
Ken: Yeah, you wanna...
Eminem: I don't know nobody in Connecticut
Ken: You wanna get a hotel room with me?
Eminem: A hotel room?
Ken: Yeah, you want me to lick your ass, EMINEM?
Eminem: (laughs) Yo, who is this? Cage?
Ken: (laughing) You want me to fuckin' melt in your mouth and not in your hand? Melt in your ass, ya lil' cock boy
Eminem: (snickers) Yo, shut up, you lil' bitch
Ken: Oh, you think I'm lying, huh?
Eminem: (laughing out loud)
Ken: Ugh

As heard on The Marshall Mathers LP
Watch video at YouTube3aSMFdc9aJs|209|252

(Sucking noises/piano music in background)
Ken:Uhhhh... Yeah... Oh suck it... Oh, fuck yeah! Oh Shaggy... Uhh...
This is why they call you 2Dope, ain't it?
Uhh Fuck yeah!

Okay now take it out, take it out
Now give some to Jay... Oh, Violent Jay... Don't Bite it, don't be violent with it, just suck it, nice and slow...
Uhhhh, Oh fuck yeah, now give it back to Shaggy, he was suckin' it better. Uhh, now say my name!
Shagggy2Dope: Eminem!
Ken: Say my name!
Shaggy2Dope: Eminem!
Ken: WHAT?! Ah, Fuck you guys! Give me my dick back! (zips pants up) Fuck you guys! If you want Eminem, you can HAVE Eminem! Fuck you guys! I'm leavin!
Shaggy2Dope: Ken, wait!
(Ken slams door)
Shaggy2Dope: Uh, damn!
Violent Jay: Nice going, Shaggy!
Yo, mic check (Haha, whoo, shit)
Testing one, two, um, twelve
What up? What up? What up? (Outsidaz)
This is my dance song, can you hear me?
(Rah Digga, Pacewon, Young Zee) Alright, ay turn my headphones up

My favorite color is red, like the blood shed
From Kurt Cobain's head when he shot himself dead
Women all grabbin' at my shish-kabob
Bought Lauryn Hill's tape so her kids could starve (I can&#x2019;t stand white people)
You thought I was ill and now I'm even more so
Shit, I got full-blown AIDS and a sore throat
I got a wardrobe with an orange robe
I'm in the fourth row, signin' autographs at your show
I just remembered that I'm absent-minded
Wait, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it
I'm freestylin' every verse that I spit
'Cause I don't even remember the words to my shit
I told the doc I need a change in sickness
And gave a girl herpes in exchange for syphilis
Put my LP on your Christmas gift list
You want to get high? Here, bitch, just sniff this

Eminem and Dina Rae:
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)

Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)

Eminem:
I tried suicide once and I'll try it again
That's why I write songs where I die at the end
'Cause I don't give a fuck, like my middle finger was stuck
And I was wavin' it at everybody screaming, "I suck" (I suck)
I go on stage in front of a sellout crowd
And yell out loud, "All y'all get the hell out now"
Fuck rap, I'm givin' it up y'all, I'm sorry
(But Eminem this is your record release party)
I'm bored out of my gourd
So I took a hammer and nailed my foot to the floorboard of my Ford
Guess I'm just a sick sick bastard
Who's one sandwich short of a picnic basket
One Excedrin tablet short of a full medicine cabinet
I feel like my head has been shredded like lettuce and cabbage
And if you ever see a video for this shit
I'll probably be dressed up like a mummy with my wrists slit

Eminem and Dina Rae:
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)

Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)

Eminem:
Got bitches on my jock out in East Detroit
'Cause they think that I'm a mothafuckin' Beastie Boy
So I told 'em I was Mike D
They was like, "Gee I don't know, he might be"
I told 'em "meet me at Kid Rock's next concert
I'll be standin' by the Loch Ness Monster"
Peace out, then I jetted to the weed house
Smoked out till I started bustin' freestyles
Broke out then I dipped quick back to the crib, put on lipstick
Crushed up the Tylenol and ate it with a dipstick
Made a couple of crank calls collect
(It's Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, can you accept?)
I want to make songs all the fellas dub
And murder every rich rapper that I'm jealous of
So just remember when I bomb your set
Yo, I only cuss to make your mom upset

Eminem and Dina Rae:
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)

Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)

Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)

Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)

Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)

Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Spoken:
Hey yo!
This song is dedicated to all the happy people.
All the happy people, who have real nice lives, and have no idea whats it like, to be broke as fuck.



I feel like I'm walking a tight rope without a circus net
Poppin' Percocet, I'm a nervous wreck
I deserve respect, but I work a sweat for this worthless check
'Bout to burst this tech at somebody to reverse this debt

Minimum wage got my adrenaline caged
Full of venom and rage, especially when I'm engaged
And my daughter's down to her last diaper, it's got my ass hyper
I pray that God answers, maybe I'll ask nicer

Watchin' ballers while they flossin' in their Pathfinders
These overnight stars, becoming autograph signers
We all long to blow up and leave the past behind us
Along with the small-fry's and average half-pinters

But player haters turnin' bitch like they have vagina's
'Cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us
Money will brainwash you and leave your ass mindless
Snakes slither in the grass spineless

That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear

That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear

My life is full of empty promises, and broken dreams
I'm hoping things look up, but there ain't no job openings
I feel discouraged, hungry and malnourished
Livin' in this house with no furnace, unfurnished

And I'm sick of working dead end jobs with lame pay
And I'm tired of being hired and fired the same day
But fuck it, if you know the rules to the game play
'Cause when we die, we know we all going the same way

'Cause it's cool to be the player, but it sucks to be the fan
When all you need is bucks to be the man
Plus a luxury sedan, comfortable and roomy in a six
But they threw me in the mix with all these gloomy lunatics

Who walk around depressed, and smoke a pound of cess a day
And yesterday went by so quick, it seems like it was just today
My daughter wants to throw the ball, but I'm too stressed to play
Live half my life and throw the rest away

That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear

That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear

There's people that love me and people that hate me
But it's the evil that made me this backstabbing, deceitful and shady
I want the money, the women, the fortune and fame
If it means I end up burning in hell, scorching in flames

If it means I'm stealing your checkbook and forging your name
This lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain
'Cause right now, I feel like just hit the rock bottom
I got problems, now everybody on my blocks got 'em

I'm screaming like them two cops, when 2Pac shot 'em
Holding two glocks, I hope your doors got new locks on 'em
My daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or sock's on 'em
And them rings you wearin' look like they got a few rocks on 'em

And while you flaunt 'em, I could be takin' 'em to shops to pawn 'em
I got a couple of rings and a brand new watch, you want 'em
'Cause I never went gold off one song
I'm running up on someone's lawn with guns drawn

That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear

That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear

That's rock bottom
Whoa!
A get your hands in the air, and get to clappin' 'em
And like, back and forth because ah
This is... what you thought it wasn't...
It beez.. the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G *coughing*
And check out the man he goes by the name of er...

Slim Shady, brain dead like Jan Brady
I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady
I'm buzzin', Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursin' at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gon' sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we comin' out in the open
I'm doin' acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin' dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet cause I'm comin' up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch, I'm comin' out swingin', so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You gettin' knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The Proof is in the puddin', just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfuckin' throat worse than Ron Goldman

So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screamin' "Fuck the world," like 2Pac
I just don't give a fuck!!
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!!

So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!!

I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a search to crush a milkbone
I'm everlasting, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin'
Flavor with no seasonin', this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady, M&M was the old initials (Bye-bye!)
Extortion, snortin', supportin' abortion
Pathological liar, blowin' shit outta proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumpin' your dead body inside of a fuckin' trash can
With more holes than an Afghan

So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screamin' "Fuck the world," like 2Pac
I just don't give a fuck!!
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!!

So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!!

Somebody let me out this limousine (Hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon, on stage screamin' like Rage Against the Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shootin' up while this record is spinnin'
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck droppin' the jewel, I'm flippin' the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfuckin' style, just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of naggin' bosses bitchin' while I'm washin' dishes
In school I never said much, too busy havin' a head rush
Doin' too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in 8th grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snortin' coke and smokin' weed again
I'm goin' up over the curb, drivin' on the median
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in

So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screamin' "Fuck the world," like 2Pac
I just don't give a fuck!!
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!!

So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you fin' ta get stuck, stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!!

Shit, fuck everyone!
Outsidaz...
Pace One...
Young Zee...
Fuck the entire world!
Roger and Montgomery:
Skylar Montgomery?
(What do you want from me Roger?)
I know it was you all along messing around with my dear Veronica
(Wait a minute, you hold it right there
Me and that woman love each other)
Love? What do you know of love?
(We were destined to be together
I met her on the beach)
Are you out to destroy me?
(No, Roger, that's not what I want to do
I love her, and we're gonna be together)
Never
I dont know why this world keeps turning
Round and Round
But I wish it would stop, and let me off right now

Yes man
As the World Turns
We all experience things in life
Trials and Tribulations
That we all must go through
When someone wants to test us
When someone tries our patience

I hang with a bunch of hippies and wacky tobacco planters
Who swallow lit roaches and light up like jack-o-lanterns
Outsiders baby and we suing the courts
Cuz we're dope as fuck and only get a 2 in the source

They never should've booted me out of reform school
Deformed fool, takin a shit in a warm pool
So they threw me out the Ramada Inn
I said it wasn't me, I got a twin (Oh my god its you! Not again!)

It all started when my mother took my bike away
'Cause I murdered my guinea pig and stuck him in the microwave
After that, It was straight to the 40 ouncers
Slappin teachers and jackin off in front of my counselors

Class clown freshman, dressed like Les Nessman
Fuck the next lesson, I'll past the test guessin'
And all the other kids said Eminem's a dishead
He'll never last, the only class he'll pass is phys ed

Maybe true, till I told this bitch in gym class
That she was too fat to swim laps, she needed Slim Fast (Who Me?)
Yeah bitch, you so big you walked into big Tanny's and stepped on Jenny Craig

She picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig
Put me in the headlock, then I thought of my guinea pig
I felt the evilness and started transformin, (RARRRR!)
It began storming, I heard a bunch of cheering fans swarming

Grabbed that bitch by her hair, drug her across the ground
And took her up to the highest diving board and tossed her down
Sorry coach, it's too late to tell me stop
While I drop this bitch face down and watch her belly flop

As the World Turns
These are the days of our lives
These are the things that we must go through
Day by day

We drive around in million dollar sports cars
While little kids hide this tape from their parents like bad report cards
Outsiders and we suing the courts
Cuz we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in The Source

Hypercondriac, hanging out at the laundry-mat
Where all the raunchy fat white trashy blondes be at
Dressed like a sailor, standin by a pale of garbage
Its almost dark and I'm still tryna nail a trailor park bitch

I met a slut and said "What up, its nice to meet ya"
I'd like to treat ya to a faygo and a slice of pizza
But I'm broke as fuck and I don't get paid till the first of next month
But if you care to join me, I was bout to roll this next blunt

But I aint got no weed, no phillies, or no papers
Plus I'm a rapist and a repeated prison escapist
So gimme all your money and don't try nothin funny
'Cause you know your stinkin ass is too fat to try to out run me

I went to grab my gun
Thats when her ass put it on me
Wit an uppercut and hit me with a basket of laundry
I fell through the glass doors, started causin a scene
Then slid across the floor and flew right into a washin machine

Jumped up with a broken back
Thank god I was smokin crack all day and doped up off coke and smack
All I wanted to do was rape the bitch and snatch her purse
Now I wanna kill her, but so I gotta catch her first

Ran through alleys, parkin lots and took a shortcut
Saw the house she ran up in and shot her fuckin porch up
Kicked the door down to murder this divorced slut
Looked around the room, that's when I seen the bedroom door shut

I know you're in there bitch! I got my gun cocked!
You might as well come out now
She said "Come in, its unlocked!"
I walked in and all I smelled was Liz Claiborne
And seen her spread across the bed naked watchin' gay porn

She said "Come here big boy, lets get acquainted"
I turned around to run, twisted my ankle and sprained it
She came at me at full speed, nothin could stop her
I shot her five times and every bullet bounced off her

I started to beg "No, please let go"
But she swallowed my fuckin leg whole like an egg roll
With one leg left, now I'm hoppin around crippled
I grabbed my pocket knife and sliced off her right nipple

Just trying to buy me some time, then I remembered this magic trick
Den Den Den Den Den Den, Go go gadget dick!
Whipped that shit out, and aint no doubt about it
It hit the ground and caused an earthquake and power outage

I shouted "Now bitch, lets see who gets the best!"
Stuffed that shit in crooked and fucked that fat slut to death (Ahh!! Ahhh!)
Come here bitch!
Come here!
Take this motherfuckin dick!
Bitch, come here!

And as we go along
Throughout the days of our lives
We all face small obstacles and challenges everyday
That we must go through
These are the things that surround us through our atmosphere
Every day
Every single day the world keeps turning
keeps turning
Who came through with two glocks to terrorize your borough (Huh?)
Told you how to slap dips and murder your girl (I did)
Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl
Sold a billion tapes and still screamed fuck the world

(Slim Shady) So come and kill me while my name's hot
And shoot me twenty five times in the same spot (Ow)
Think I've got a generation brainwashed
To pop pills and smoke pot till they brains rot (Uh, oh?)

Stop they blood flow until they veins clot
I need a pain shot, and a shot of plain scotch
Purple haze and acid raindrops
Spike the punch at the party and drain pop (gulp gulp)

Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top
Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop
Gotta make 'em fear you before you make 'em feel you
So everybody buy my shit or I'ma come and kill you

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need some new weed to set you free
You know me I'm your friend when you need a mini thin(Slim Shady)
I'm Shady

I like happy things, I'm really calm and peaceful (Uh huh huh)
I like birds, bees, I like people
I like funny things that make me happy and gleeful
Like when my teacher sucked my wee-wee in preschool (Woo!)

The ill type, I stab myself with a steel spike
While I blow my brain out just to see what it feels like
And this is how I am in real life
I don't want to just die a normal death
I wanna be killed twice (Uh huh)

How you wanna scare somebody with a gun threat
When they're high off of drugs they haven't even done yet
So bring the money by tonight
'Cause your wife says this is the biggest knife
She ever saw in her life (Help me help me)

I try to keep it positive and play it cool
Shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school
(Stay in school!)
'Cause I'm the one they can relate to and look up to better
Tonight I think I'll write my biggest fan a fuck you letter

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need some new weed to set you free
You know me I'm your friend when you need a mini thin (Slim Shady)
I'm Shady

I listen to your demo tape and act like I don't like it
(Aw that shit is wack)
Six months later you hear your lyrics on my shit (What????)
People don't buy shit no more they just dub it
That's why I'm still broke and had the number one club hit
(Yup, uh huh)

But they love it when you make your business public
So fuck it, I've got herpes while we're on the subject (Uh huh)
And if I told you I had AIDS y'all would play it
'Cause you stupid motherfuckers think I'm playing when I say it
Well, I do take pills, don't do speed

Don't do crack, don't do coke, I do smoke weed
Don't do smack, I do do shrooms
Do drink beer
I just wanna make a few things clear

My baby mama's not dead (nuh uh), she's still alive and bitching (yup)
And I don't have herpes, my dick's just itching
It's not syphilis, and as for being AIDS infested
I don't know yet, I'm too scared to get tested

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need some new weed to set you free
You know me I'm your friend when you need a mini thin(Slim Shady)
I'm Shady

I told you I was Shady
Y'all didn't wanna believe me
I'm Shady
And that's my name
Jeff Bass
I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts
You know, there's a story behind that there saloon
Twenty years ago, two outlaws took this whole town over
Sheriffs couldn't stop them
Quickest damn gunslingers I've ever seen
Got murdered in cold blood
That old saloon there was their little home away from home
They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern
And on a quiet night
You can still hear the footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce da 5'9"

Eminem
I don't speak
I float in the air, wrapped in a sheet
I'm not a real person
I'm a ghost trapped in a beat
I translate when my voice is read through a seismograph
And the noise is spread
Picked up and transmitted through Royce's head
Trap him in his room
Possess him and hoist his bed
'Til the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead
Told him each one of his boys is dead
I asked him to come to the dark side
He made a choice and said

Royce da 5'9"
Yo, who hard? Yo, I done heard worse
We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other
To see which one'll swerve first
Two blind bandits panic
Whose mental capacity holds
That of a globe on top of nine other planets
Kiss the cheek of the Devil
Intelligence level is helly
Getting treble peaking on speakers in the ghetto
Dismissal, I'm not a fair man
Disgrace the race of a atheist
Intercepting missiles with my bare hands like a Patriot
One track sliced without swords
I buried the Christ corpse
In my past life when the black knight mounted the white horse
And stay overworked
It's like the Nazis and the Nation collaborating
Attempting to take over the Earth

Eminem
'Cause this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil
We hit the trees 'til we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal
Above the law 'cause I don't agree with police either
Royce da 5'9": Shit, me neither
We ain't eager to be legal
So please leave me with the keys to your Jeep Eagle
I breathe ether in three lethal amounts
While I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle
Releasing rage on anybody in squeezing range
Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezing rain
Royce da 5'9": He's insane
No I'm not, I just want to shoot up and I'm pissed off
'Cause I can't find a decent vein

Royce da 5'9"
The disaster with dreads
I'm Bad enough to commit suicide and survive long enough
To kill my soul after I'm dead
When in danger it's funny
Actually my flavor's similar to a waiter
'Cause I serve any stranger with money
I spray a hundred
Man until they joint chains
While slipping bullets at point blank range like they was punches
Piss on the flag and burn it
Murder you, then come to your funeral
Service lobby, and strangle your body to confirm it
Whipping human ass, throwing blows, cracking jaws
With my fists wrapped in gauze
Dipped in glue and glass
I'm blazing MCs, at the same time amazing MCs
Somehow MCs ain't that eyebrow-raising to me
From all of angles of us, flash a MAC loud enough to cast a avalanche
And bust 'til volcanoes erupt

Eminem
Hello? (Billy?)
Hey yo what's up? (We're coming to get you)
Stop, they know it's us
I used to be a loudmouth, remember me? (Uh-uh)
I'm the one who burned your house down (Oh)
Well I'm out now (Shit)
And this time I'm coming back to blow your house up
And I ain't gone leave you with a window to jump out of
Give me two fat tabs and three 'shrooms
And you won't see me
Like fat people in steam rooms
And when I go to hell and I'm getting ready to leave
I'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe

Royce da 5'9"
'Cause this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil
And we hit the trees 'til we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal
Against peaceful
See you in Hell for the sequel
Eminem: We'll be waiting
See you in Hell
Wall Street
Eminem: Dope
Royce da 5'9"
Slim Shady
See you in Hell for the sequel
Eminem: Bye-bye
Bad Meets Evil
What?
Eminem: Until next time

Jeff Bass
And so that's the story of when Bad Meets Evil
Two of the most wanted individuals in the county
Made Jesse James and Billy the Kid look like law-abiding citizens
It's too bad they had to go out the way they did
Got shot in the back coming out of that old saloon
But their spirits still live on to this day
Shush
Wait, d'y'all hear that?
A lot of people ask me 
Am I afraid of death? 
Hell yeah I'm afraid of death
I don't wanna die yet

A lot of people think that I worship the devil
That I do all types of retarded shit
Look, I can't change the way I think
I can't change the way I am
But if I offended you, good
'Cause I still don't give a fuck

I'm zonin' offa one joint, stoppin' the limo
Hop in the window 
shoppin' the demo at gun point. 
A lyricist without a clue 
what year is this? 
Fuck a needle, here's a sword 
body pierce with this. 
Livin amuck 
Never givin' a fuck 
Gimme the keys I'm drunk 
and I've never drivin' the truck. 
But I smoke dope in the cab 
I'll stab you with the sharpest knife I can grab 
Come back the next week and re-open the scab

A killer instinct runs in the blood 
Empty your four clips and bury your guns in the mud
I've calmed down now, I was heavy once into drugs
I could walk around straight for two months with a buzz

My brain's gone. 
my soul's worn, my spirit is torn 
The rest of my body is still being operated on 
I'm ducked the fuck down while I'm writin' this rhyme 
'Cause I'm probably gonna get struck by lightning this time

To all the weed that I've smoked, 
Yo this blunt's for you. 
To all the people I've offended, 
Yeah fuck you too. 
To all the friends I use to have, 
I miss my past 
But the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass

For all the drugs that I've done, yo I'm still gonna do
To all the people I've offended, ya fuck you too
Every time I reminisce, yo I miss my past
But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can kiss my ass

I walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you 
Cut you so fast when your blood spilled it was still blue 
I'll hang you 'til you dangle and chain you at both ankles 
And pull you apart from both angles 

I wanna crush your skull 'til your brains leak out of your veins 
And bust open like broken water mains. 
So tell Sadam not to bother with making another bomb 
'Cause I'm crushing the whole world in my palm 

I got your girl in my arm and I'm armed with a fire arm 
so big my entire arm's a giant fire bomb 
Buy your mom a shirt with a Slim Shady iron-on 
and the pants that match, here mama try 'em on 

I get amastertive with a mouth full of adjectives 
A brain full of adverbs and a box full of laxitives 
Proof of all school accidents 
God help me before I commit some irresponsible acts again 

To all the weed that I've smoked, yo this blunt's for you. 
To all the people I've offended, yeah fuck you too. 
To all the friends I use to have, I miss my past 
But the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass

For all the drugs that I've done, 
Yo I'm still gonna do. 
To all the people I've offended, 
Ya fuck you too. 
Every time I reminisce, 
Yo I miss my past. 
But I still don't give a fuck, 
Y'all can kiss my ass! 

I wanted an album so rugged nobody could touch it 
I spent a million a track and went over my budget 
Now how in the fuck am I supposed to get out of debt 
I can't rap anymore I just murdered the alphabet

Drug sickness got me doin' some bug twitches
I'm withdrawn from crack so bad my blood itches
I don't rap to get the women, fuck bitches 
Gimme a fat slut that cooks and does dishes

Never ran with a clique, I'm a posse, kamikaze 
Strappin' the mother fuckin' bomb accross me 
From the second I was born my mama lost me 
I'm a cross between Manson, Esham, and Ozzy 

I don't even know why the fuck I'm here in the first place. 
The worst day on this earth was my first birthday. 
Retarded, what did that nurse say? 
Brain damage? Fuck I was born during an earthquake

To all the weed that I've smoked, yo this blunt's for you. 
To all the people I've offended, yeah fuck you too. 
To all the friends I use to have, I miss my past 
But the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass

For all the drugs that I've done, yo I'm still gonna do. 
To all the people I've offended, ya fuck you too. 
Every time I reminisce, yo I miss my past. 
But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can kiss my ass!
People Say that I'm a bad influence
I say the worlds already fucked I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal teenagers newest idol
Come on!
Do as I do
Go ahead get mad and do it
People Say that I'm a bad influence
I say the worlds already fucked I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal teenagers newest idol
Come on!
Do as I do
Go ahead get mad and do it
(Just pull the plug)
Hand me an 8 beam me up and land me in space
I'ma sit on top of the world and shit on brandy and mase
I'm more then ill scarier then a white journalist in a room with lauryn hill
Human horror film
But with a lot funnier plot and people who feel me 'cause I'ma still be the mad rapper weather I got money or not as long as I'm on pills and I got plenty of pot I'll be in a cannoe paddling making fun of your yacht
But I would like an award for the best rapper to get one mic and a source
And a woredrobe I can afford otherwise I might just send up
"Pack striking at ford" and you wonder what the fuck I need more vicoden for
Everybody's pissing me off even a No Limit tank looks like a middle finger sideways flipping me off
No shit I'm in grave danger to my health why else would I kill you then jump in a grave and bury myself
Course
I'm the illest rapper to hold the "cordless" patroling corners looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
I'm meaner in action then "rosco" beating james "star" Sr. across the back with vaccuum cleaner attachments
I grew up in a wild hood as a hazardous youth with a fucked up childhood that I use as an excuse and ain't shit changed I kept the same mindstate
Since the 3rd time I failed 9th grade
You probably think I'm a negative person don't be so sure of it I don't promote violence I just encourage it I laugh at the sight of death as I fall down a cement flight of steps and land aside a bed of spider webs
So throw caution to the wind you and a friend can jump off of a bridge and if you live do it again (Shit) why not blow your brain out I'm blowing mine out fuck it you only live once you might as well die now 
Course

My laser disc will make you take a razor to your wrist Make you satanistic
Make you take the pistol to your face
And place the clip and cock it back
And let it go until your brains
Are rippin' out your skull so bad
To sew you back and be a waste of stitches
I'm not a Role Model, I don't wanna babysit kids
I got one little girl, and Hailey Jade is Shady's business
And Shady's just an alias I made to make you pissed off
Where the fuck were you when Gil was payin' me to dishwash
I make a couple statements and now look how crazy shit got
You made me get a bigger attitude than 80 Kim scotts
And she almost got the same fate that Grady's bitch got
I know that Just the Two of Us would make you hate me this much
And Just the Two of Us
That ain't got shit to do with us and our personal life
It's just words on a mic.
So you can call me a punk, a pervert or a chauvinist pig
But the funny shit is that I still go with the bitch
Yo... yo! (* Eminem hachs up spit *)
Mic check... (My dick!)
Testing... one, two (* Eminem hach-spits on mic *)
Ffff-fuck... (My dick!) My nuts...

My attitude is worse than NWA's was
I'll battle you over stupid shit and diss people
Who ain't have shit to do with it, like Cool J does (My tattoo!)
You see me standin outside of your buildin; screamin,
"Puffy is good, (HEY!) but Slim Shady is for the children!" (WAIT!)
I look at my life in a new light -- fuck it
Give me two mics; I write songs for me -- fuck what you like
You're probably hear me rap half-hearted; 'cause I don't like rap anyway
I'm just tryin' to get my porno career started
Every place and event... +Been There, Done That+
Shit, Dre stuck me in a suitcase when he went
(* Zipper sound *) "Come on, let's go!"
Want a deal? Study these 5 chapters
Lesson One: Throw demos as hard as you can at signed rappers
Lesson Two: Face 'em and diss 'em (whattup dog?)
Don't give 'em a demo; kidnap 'em (I want you to come with me)
And make 'em come to your basement and listen
(You're gonna fuckin' check this out)
Lesson Three: Get a job at a label; switch demos with Canibus
And put yours on the owner's table (here listen!)
Lesson Four: 'Know you heard this before'
"Hey let me get your number; I'll call you tomorrow, for sure!"
Don't act like a fan -- you wanna get signed?
Get the whitest A&R you can find
Pull him aside and rap as wack as you can
Lesson Five: Get a hook-up at Jive
Dress up like I.C.P. and have them come see you perform live
And that's the key, but when you see me on the street; I ain't
Givin' you shit bitch - don't even bother askin me (get away from me)
Toilet water splashes me right in the ass when I'm spittin'
'Cause I'm always shittin when I'm rappin' like Master P (UNNNGGGGH!)
Got a blowjob from Paula Jones, and stuffed it so far in her mouth
My balls broke both of her collarbones (OWW!)
Told Mya this shit was all about me-ah ("It's all about me..")
Gave Alyssa Milano syphillis, mono and gonorrhea ("You're a dick!")
And all three of my main girls said SEE-YA
Cause Brandy and Monica walked in and caught me fuckin' Aaliyah
(What? Oh my God!) I splish splash while I'm takin' a bath
Grab a handful of pills, break 'em in half, take 'em and laugh
White trash -- fuckin' your wife in the ass ("Oh! Ooh Shady! Ooh!")
While you're out siphoning gas for your lawnmower to cut the grass

So if I hurt your self-esteem
And you get dissed too bad (Yo why you diss me?)
You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad
And when I rap about a buncha shit you wished you had (A big dick!)
You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad
"I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad!"
You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad
"He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad!" (Nurse! Nurse!)
You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad

What a wonderful day; I should go outside and play
Ain't no need to sit inside the house and hibernate
Hi Renee! (Oh hi!) I was just about to toss a live grenade
In your driveway (WHAT?) and drive away (* car peels out *)
Are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with AIDS
Blood drippin from it, rippin your stomach like a paper mache
You talk a lotta shit, but you was never ill though
I'm sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow
Tipped over some cows, just for a joke and a laugh (MOOOOO!)
Jumped up, choked a giraffe, snapped his neck and broke it in half
Wagin wars, went on stage and sprayed Cage with +Agent Orange+
And wiped my ass with his page in Source (Here!)
The demon is here, steamin this year
I rip (*Mystikal's*) voicebox out, scream in his ear (Ah!)
It's not a gimmick bitch, it's an image I live it
Give a fuck? I don't know what a fuck is to give it
"Yeah I don't think this guy is well.." I'm high as hell
I'll beat you with a live cat when I'm swinging him by his tail

(* Impersonating Method Man *)
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin'
Lay your nuts on the dresser
Just your nutsack by itself
And bang them shits with a spiked bat
Cut your neck off and sew your head right back
And leave you like that

You just triggered the prick who just mixed liquor
Who's itchin to leave you disfigured and stiffer than Chris-topher
Reeves, I was teething with strep throat
While your mother was breastfeeding
And gave her the flesh-eating disease
I'm iller than takin' a hammer and beatin' your knees
And walkin' through South Central L.A., bleedin in jeans
(Am I a Blood or a Crip?) Wakin' up the next day in breathin machines
Flashin back to being shot and repeatin the scenes
On how you just got smoked, and if you do live
You'll be too scared to tell it, like a Biggie and 'Pac joke

So if I hurt your self-esteem and you get dissed too bad
You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad
And when I rap about a fat bitch that you wished you had
You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad
"I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad"
You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad
"He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad"
You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad

I know that makes you real mad, don't it? (uh-huh)
That's right, Slim Shady (yup) Sway and Tech
Sprayin wreck (bitch)
And we don't give a heck (uh-uh)
Or a damn... or a fuck... or a shit
So suck my motherfuckin dick
Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg
Snatched it off, and beat him over the fuckin' head with the peg
Go to bed with a keg, wake up with a forty
Mixed it with Alka-Seltzer and Formula 44-D

Fuck an acid tab, I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead
Waited until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead
No more said, case closed, end of discussion
I'm blowin' up like spontaneous human combustion

Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas
Cross the bombest?!
We blowin' up your house, killing your parents and coming back to get your foster mommas
And I'm as good at keepin' a promise as Nostradamus

'Cause I ain't making no more threats
I'm doing drive-bys in tinted corvettes on Vietnam war vets
I'm more or less sick in the head
Maybe more, 'cause I smoked crack today, yesterday, and the day before

Sabateur; walk the block with a labrador
Strapped with more corral for war than El Salvador
Foul-style galore, verbal cow manure
Comin' together like an eyebrow on Al B. Sure!
Announcer:
This is another public service announcement brought to you in part by Slim Shady.
Eminem (whispered): tell em i don't give a fuck 
Announcer: Slim Shady does not give a fuck what you think!
Eminem (whispered): tell em to suck it
Announcer: If you don't like it, you can suck his fucking cock!
Eminem (whispered): tell 'em they kissed my ass
Announcer: Little did you know, upon purchasing this album, you have just kissed his ass!
Eminem (whispered): tell em i'm fed up 
Announcer: Slim Shady is fed up with your shit and he's going to kill you!
Eminem (whispered): yeah
Announcer: uh...anything else?
Eminem: Yeah. Sue me.
When I was just a little baby boy, my mama used to tell me these crazy things
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man, she used to tell me he hated me
But then I got a little bit older and I realized, she was the crazy one
But there was nothin' I could do or say to try to change it, 'cause that's just the way she was

They said I can't rap about bein' broke no more
They didn't say I can't rap about coke no more!
Slut, you think I won't choke no whore,
Till the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?!
These motherfuckers are thinkin' I'm playin',
Thinkin I'm sayin' this shit cause I'm thinkin it, just to be sayin' it?!
Put your hands down bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you -
I'ma pull you to this bullet and put it through you
Shut up, slut! You're causin' too much chaos!
Just bend over and take it like a slut, okay Ma?!
"Oh now he's raping his own mother
Abusing a whore, snorting coke, and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?"
You're god damn right, bitch, and now it's too late
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happened in two states
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches
Vain Vicodin, vrinnn vrinnn vrinnn
Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all
Danglin' from his neck, while his head barely hangs on
Blood, guts, guns, cuts, knives
Lives, wives, nuns, sluts

Bitch I'ma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin' I don't squash the beef
You better kill me! I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn'ta said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothin' but a girl to me

I said, you don't... wanna fuck with Shady ('Cause why?)
'Cause Shady... will fuckin' kill you (Haha)
I said, you don't... wanna fuck with Shady (Why?)
'Cause Shady... will fuckin' kill you

Bitch I'ma kill you! Like a murder weapon I'ma conceal you
In a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
Fuck with me, I been through hell, shut the hell up!
I'm tryin' to develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em
I ain't acid rap but I rap on acid
Got a new blow up doll and just had a strap-on added
Whoops is that a subliminal hint? No!
Just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? No! Eminem'll insult
And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse
To do it again, then, if he does it again
You'll probably end up jumpin' out of somethin' up on the tenth
Bitch I'ma kill you, I ain't done, this ain't the chorus
I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times
In a tub, but that's normal, ain't it, Norman?
Serial killer hidin' murder material
In a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine
Out of our minds and we want in yours, let us in

Or I'ma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither! You ain't nuttin' but a slut to me
Bitch I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin' I don't squash the beef
You'd better kill me! I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn'ta said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nuttin' but a girl to me

I said, you don't... wanna fuck with Shady ('Cause why?)
'Cause Shady... will fuckin' kill you (Haha)
I said, you don't... wanna fuck with Shady (Why?)
'Cause Shady... will fuckin' kill you

Know why I say these things
'Cause ladies' screams, keep creepin' in Shady's dreams
And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks}
This eighty G's a week to say the same things tweece
Twice&#x2014;whatever, I hate these things
Fuck shots! I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks!
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
Just to argue with 'em 'cause their ratings stink?!
Fuck that! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer
From fat bitch to all seventy-thousand pounds of her
From principal to the student body and counselor
From in school to before school to out of school
I don't even believe in breathin', I'm leavin' air in your lungs
Just to hear you keep screamin' for me to seep it
Okay, I'm ready to go play, I got machete from O.J.
I'm ready to make everyone's throats ache
You faggots keep eggin' me on
Till I have you at knife-point, then you beg me to stop
Shut up! Give me your hands and feet!
I said shut up when I'm talkin' to you! You hear me? Answer me!

Or I'ma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither! You ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch I'ma kill you, you ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin' I don't squash the beef
You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth, with shit I shouldn'ta said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothin' but a girl to me, bitch I'ma kill you

You don't... wanna fuck with Shady ('Cause why?)
'Cause Shady... will fuckin' kill you
I said, you don't... wanna fuck with Shady (Why not?)
'Cause Shady... will fuckin' kill you

Spoken:
(Haha) I'm just playin' ladies, you know I love you.
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

Dear Slim, I wrote but you still ain't callin'
I left my cell, my pager and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not'a got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin'

Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man, how's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'mma call her? I'mma name her Bonnie

I read about your Uncle Ronnie, too, I'm sorry.
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam

I got a room full of your posters and your pictures man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus too; that shit was phat!
Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back, just to chat
Truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan

My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad, I just think it's fucked up you don't answer fans
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
You didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew

That's my little brother man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blistering cold for you, four hours and you just said, "No"
That's pretty shitty man, you're like his fuckin' idol
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do

I ain't that mad though, I just don't like bein' lied to
Remember when we met in Denver, you said if I'd write you
You would write back, see I'm just like you in a way
I never knew my father neither
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her

I can relate to what you're saying in your songs
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest

Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See everything you say is real, and I respect you cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you twenty-four/seven

But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no-one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growin' up
You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose
Sincerely yours, Stan
P.S. We should be together, too

My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

Dear Mr. I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans:
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass!
It's been six months and still no word, I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters; I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect

So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air Tonight"?

About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning?
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drowning
Now it's too late, I'm on a thousand downers now, I'm drowsy

And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I love you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it

And when you dream, I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it
I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me
See Slim; shut up bitch! I'm tryin' to talk!
Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin' in the trunk

But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I ain't like you
'Cause if she suffocates, she'll suffer more and then she'll die too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now - Oh, shit! I forgot!
How am I supposed to send this shit out?

My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph for your brother, I wrote it on the Starter cap

I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too?
I say that shit just clownin' dogg; c'mon, how fucked up is you?

You got some issues Stan, I think you need some counselling
To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other!

I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin' just fine

If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you, but Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick

Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk and she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think of it, his name was... it was you!
Damn...
As heard on The Slim Shady LP
Watch video at YouTubeDQbOzZ6zHdw|209|252

Em, What's goin' on, this is Paul Rosenberg, your faithful attorney at law.
Listen, I listened to the rough copy of your album and uhh, you know I just gotta be honest with you.
Could you tone it down a little bit, because there's only so much I can explain.
Gimme a call.

As heard on The Marshall Mathers LP

Em, what's goin' on, it's Paul.
Uhh, Dre gave me a copy of the new album, and I just... *sigh*
Fuck it.
*Hangs Up*

As heard on The Eminem Show
Watch video at YouTubeVL75Lf027B8|209|252

Em, it's Paul.
Listen, Joel just called me and he said you're in the fuckin' back behind his studio,
shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting range.
I told you not to fuckin' bring your gun around, like an idiot, outside of your home.
You're gonna get yourself in trouble.
Don't bring your gun outside of your home you can't carry it on you.
Leave your fucking gun at home.
*Hangs up*

As heard on Encore
Watch video at YouTubeKtbOED0Ag4o|209|252

Hey Em, it's Paul.
Uh, listen I just got a call from the label, and you're probably not gonna be surprised but uhm,
Michael Jackson is extremely upset about the Just Lose It video.
And uhm, I mean he's pissed, so I-I don't know what he's gonna do, but we gotta talk about how we're gonna handle this. Uhm...
Oh yeah, anyway, somebody told me that, uhm, they heard a rumor that you got a new gun, uhm.
I know it's probably not true, but I just need to talk to you about that. So, uh, give me a call. *Hangs Up*

As heard on Relapse
Watch video at YouTubeyrQlqJhAfOQ|209|252

Em, it's Paul.
Uhm, I just listened to the entire album.
And you gotta be fucking kidding me.
I mean with this Christopher Reeve shit, you know the guy's dead right?
And then the whole gay, step-father incest rape thing?
I don't have your back on this one, I can't even fuckin' handle it.
I'm done.
*Hangs Up*
(I never knew I)
(I never knew I) Mic check one-two
(I never knew I) Who woulda knew?
(I never knew I) Who'da known?

(I never knew I) Fuck woulda thought?
(I never knew I) Motherfucker comes out
(I never knew I) And sells a couple of million records
(I never knew I) And these motherfuckers hit the ceiling
(I never knew I)

I don't do black music, I don't do white music
I make fight music, for high school kids
I put lives at risk when I drive like this
I put wives at risk with a knife like this (Ahh)
Shit, you probably think I'm in your tape deck now
I'm in the back seat of your truck with duct tape stretched out
Ducked the fuck way down, waitin' to straight jump out
Put it over your mouth and grab you by the face, what now?
Oh, you want me to watch my mouth, how?
Take my fuckin' eyeballs out and turn 'em around
Look, I'll burn your fuckin' house down, circle around
And hit the hydrant, so you can't put your burnin' furniture out (Oh my God, oh my God)
I'm sorry there must be a mix-up
You want me to fix up lyrics while the President gets his dick sucked? (Eww)
Fuck that, take drugs, rape sluts
Make fun of gay clubs, men who wear make-up
Get aware, wake up, get a sense of humor
Quit tryin' to censor music, this is for your kid's amusement (The kids)
But don't blame me when little Eric jumps off of the terrace
You shoulda been watchin' him, apparently you ain't parents

'Cause I never knew, I knew I would get this big
I never knew I knew I'd affect this kid
I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch

I never knew I knew I would get this big
I never knew I knew I'd affect this kid
I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch

So who's bringin' the guns in this country (Hmm?)
I couldn't sneak a plastic pellet gun, through customs over in London
And last week I seen this Schwarzenegger movie
Where he's shootin' all sorts of these motherfuckers with a Uzi
I see these three little kids up in the front row
Screamin', "Go," with their seventeen year-old uncle
I'm like, "Guidance?
Ain't they got the same moms and dads who got mad when I asked if they liked violence?"
And told me that my tape taught 'em to swear
What about the make-up you allow your twelve-year-old daughter to wear, hmm?
So tell me that your son doesn't know any cuss words
When his bus driver's screamin' at him, fuckin' him up worse (Go sit the fuck down, you little fuckin' prick)
And fuck was the first word I ever learned
Up in the third grade, flippin' the gym teacher the bird (Look)
So read up, about how I used to get beat up
Peed on, be on free lunch, and change school every three months
My life's like, kinda what my wife's like (What?)
Fucked up, after I beat her fuckin' ass every night, Ike
So how much easier would life be
If nineteen million motherfuckers grew to be just like me?

'Cause I never knew, I knew I would get this big
I never knew I knew I'd affect this kid
I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch

I never knew I knew I would get this big
I never knew I knew I'd affect this kid
I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch

(I never knew I, knew I'd) have a new house or a new car
A couple years ago, I was more poorer than you are
I don't got that bad of a mouth, do I?
Fuck shit ass bitch cunt, shoopitty-doo-wop (What?)
Skippity-be-bop, a-Christopher Reeve
Sonny Bono, skis, horses, and hittin' some trees (Hey)
How many retards'll listen to me
And run up in the school shootin' when they're pissed at a teach?
Er, her, him, is it you, is it them?
"Wasn't me, Slim Shady said to do it again"
Damn, how much damage can you do with a pen?
Man I'm just as fucked up as you woulda been
If you woulda been in my shoes, who woulda thought
Slim Shady would be somethin' that you woulda bought?
That woulda made you get a gun and shoot at a cop
I just said it, I ain't know if you'd do it or not

'Cause I never knew, I knew I would get this big
I never knew I knew I'd affect this kid
I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch

I never knew I knew I would get this big
I never knew I knew I'd affect this kid
I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch

How the fuck was I supposed to know?
As heard on The Marshall Mathers LP

Eminem: Heyyy
Steve: Hey, Em, what's up?
Eminem: Steve Berman. What's goin' on, man, how you doin? Good to see you again. What's up?
Steve: Em, could you come here and have a seat, please?
Eminem: Umm, yeah, what's...
Steve: Vannessa, shut the door
Secretary: Okay
Eminem: So what's up? How's orders looking for the first week?
Steve: It would be better if you gave me nothing at all
Eminem: Wh
Steve: This album is less than nothing. I can't sell this fucking record
Eminem: Wha
Steve: Do you know what's happening to me out there?
Eminem: Wh-wha-what's the problem?
Steve: Violent Ground told me to go fuck myself
Eminem: Who's Violent...?
Steve: Tower Records told me to shove this record up my ass! Do you know what it feels like to be told to have a record shoved up your ass?
Eminem: But, I
Steve: I'm gonna lose my fuckin' job over this. You know why Dre's record was so successful? He's rappin' about big-screen tv's, blunts, 40's and bitches. You're rappin' about homosexuals and Vicadin
Eminem: I mean
Steve: I can't sell this shit
Eminem: What
Steve: Either change the record or it's not coming out
Eminem: What, I
Steve: Now get the fuck out of my office
Eminem: What am I supposed
Steve: NOW
Eminem: Aight man, whatever

As heard on Devil's Nightby D12

(Eminem)Hey Steve, Vanessa said you waned to see me
(Steve)Marshall, I can call you Marshall right?
(Eminem)Uhh, sure
(Steve)Good. Sit the fuck down for a second
(Eminem)Okay...
(Steve)Do you just fuckin hate me?
(Eminem)Hate you? What
(Steve)What the fuck have I ever done to you? Your last record, we got lucky. This D12 album is FUCKED
(Eminem)What's wrong with it?
(Steve)I don't wanna rape my grandmother! I don't wanna have sex with pitbulls! I wanna roll on dubs, I want throw bows, I wanna rock prada
(Eminem)"Rock prada"?
(Steve)And who the fuck is this Bizarre guy?
(Eminem)What do you mean?
(Steve)Do you need a CAT scan?! Where the fuck did you find this guy?
(Eminem)I mean, I've known him like...
(Steve)This album's never coming out
(Eminem)Steve, you've only heard one song
(Steve)Fuck you! Get the fuck outta here! NOW
(Eminem)Okay, okay, shit

As heard on The Eminem Show

*Door knocks*

Steve Berman:
It's ridiculous, I can't believe it, what?
Hold on a minute
Em...

Eminem:
Whuddup?

Steve Berman:
Dre, I'll call you back

Eminem:
What now?

Steve Berman:
I don't even know where to start

Eminem:
Okay

Steve Berman:
I got the album from upstairs

Eminem:
And?

Steve Berman:
And this is by far the most...

*Gun shoots*

Steve Berman:
...incredible thing I've ever heard...

As heard on Relapse

(Ring Ring)
Secretary: Mr.Berman?
Steve: What?
Secretary: We have Eminem here to see you
Steve: About fuckin' time. Send him in
(Door opens)
Eminem: Steve! Good to see you man. Um,hey I jus
Steve: Well, look who decided to show his face! I hope you've had fun in the last four years
Em: Look man, I apologize again for
Steve: For shooting me?! Do you know I lost the use of my right arm?
Eminem: Again, it was a mistake. It was a terrible mista--- are you wearing a bulletproof vest?
Steve: And then you go and do, what, Hide out? Stay in Detroit for almost 5 years while the music industry melts the fuck down? Do you know how many people lost their jobs because of your fucking vacation?
Eminem: Well, that's actually why I'm here, I was gonna put out some new music and I wanted to play it for you and get your opinion
Steve: Do I REALLY need to hear it? Let me guess: Another album about "poor me, I'm so famous it has ruined my rich little life and I'm such a tortured artist let me make music about it and my tragic love life." Am I on to something here?
Eminem: C'mon, man! It's not like that
Steve: You know what? Just hand the fucking thing over! I'm done talking to you! Think you can just come and go as you please, big selfish superstar
Eminem: Steve, I had a drug problem
Steve: "Oh, poor me! I had a drug problem!" Who hasn't had a drug problem in this town? You know what?
(Cocks gun, Em: "Woah!")
Just lay this shit down on my desk and get the fuck out
Eminem: Woah Woah, Jesus Christ man, alright alright, here, fine...
Steve: What's this shit?! TWO cds?
Eminem: That's what I've been trying to tell you, man. It's two albums
Steve: Just get out! Get the fuck out
Eminem: Alright, man. See you later
Aight, man, whatever...

Spoken:
Dre, just let it run.
Hey yo, turn the beat up a little bit
Hey yo, this song is for anyone... fuck it, just shut up and listen
Hey yo

I sit back with this pack of Zig-Zags and this bag
Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this... on this earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse

And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
All this tension dispensin' these sentences gettin' this stress
That's been eatin' me recently off of this chest

And I rest again peacefully (peacefully)
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eatin' or feedin' my daughter

To not come and speak to me (speak to me)
I don't know you and no, I don't owe you a mo-therfuck-ing thing
I'm not Mr. *NSYNC, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick

If you tempt me my tank is on empty (is on empty)
No patience is in me and if you offend me
I'm liftin' you 10 feet (10 feet) in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me destroy you

Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of arguin' (of arguin)
I don't mean to be mean, but that's all I can be, it's just me

And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam

'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered
With all of this nonsense, it's constant
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content.
That song "Guilty Conscience" has gotten such rotten responses."

And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
Points a finger at me (finger at me)
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinky

Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too
When a dude's gettin' bullied and shoots up his school

And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn) and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see an upper class city

Havin' this happenin' (this happenin' )
Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way (rap this way)
But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire
To burn and it's burnin' and I have returned

And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam

'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

I'm so sick and tired of bein' admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name Is"

And pigeonholed into some poppy sensation
That copped me rotation at rock 'n' roll stations
And I just do not got the patience (got the patience)
To deal with these cocky caucasians

Who think, I'm some wigger who just tries to be black
'Cause I talk with an accent and grab on my balls
So they always keep askin' the same fuckin' questions (fuckin' questions)
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in?

The why, the who, what, when, the where and the how
Till I'm grabbin' my hair and I'm tearin' it out (ahhh)
'Cause they drivin' me crazy (me crazy)
I can't take it, I'm racin', I'm pacin', I stand and I sit

And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit in the bathroom without someone standin' by it
No, I won't sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole, I'm glad

'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam

'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am
May I have your attention, please?
May I have your attention, please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat: Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here

Y'all act like you've never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam, like Tommy just burst in the door
And started whoopin' her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, throwin' her over furniture (ahh!)

It's the return of the... "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
And Dr. Dre said... nothing, you idiots
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement (ha, ha!)

Feminist women love Eminem
"Chicka, chicka, chicka, Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him walking around grabbing his you-know-what
Flipping the you-know-who." "Yeah, but he's so cute though"

Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms (Uhh-uhh-uhh!)
Sometimes, I wanna get on TV and just let loose but can't
But it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose

"My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is

Of course they're gonna know what intercourse is by the time they hit fourth grade
They got the Discovery Channel, don't they?
We ain't nothing but mammals... well, some of us, cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes

But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope (eugh!)
But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women wave your pantyhose; sing the chorus, and it goes

I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records
Well I do, so fuck him and fuck you, too
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half o' you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me

"But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?"
Why, so you guys can just lie to get me here?
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Yo shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs

So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hehe"

I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD (ahh!)
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups; all you do is annoy me
So I have been sent here to destroy you

And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me, walk, talk, and act like me
And just might be the next best thing but not quite me

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

I'm like a head trip to listen to, 'cause I'm only giving you
Things you joke about with your friends, inside your livin' room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all
And I don't gotta be false or sugar-coat it all

I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it (rip), I just shit it
Better than ninety percent of you rappers out can
Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like Valiums

It's funny, 'cause at the rate I'm going, when I'm thirty
I'll be the only person in the nursin' home flirting
Pinchin' nurses asses, while I'm jackin' off with Jergens
And I'm jerkin', but this whole bag of Viagra isn't workin'

In every single person there's a Slim Shady lurkin'
Who could be workin' at Burger King, spittin' on your onion rings
Or in the parking lot circling, screamin' "I don't give a fuck"
With his windows down and his system up

So will the real Shady please stand up
And put one of those fingers on each hand up
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

Haha, guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let's all stand up
RBX:
Remember me? Seven executions
Remember me? I have no remorse
Remember me? I'm high powered
Remember me? I drop bombs like Hiroshima

For this one it's the X, you retarded?
'Cause I grab the mic and get down like syndrome
Hide and roam into the masses
Without boundaries which qualifies me for the term "Universal"
Without no rehearsal, I leak words that's controversial
Like I'm not the one you wanna contest, see
'Cause I'll hit your ass like the train did that bitch that got banned from TV
Heavyweight hitter
Hit you watch your whole head split up
Loco is the motion, we comin' through
Hollow tips is the lead, the forty-five threw

Sticky Fingaz:
Remember me? Throw ya guns in the air
Remember me? Slam, slam
Remember me? Nigga, back the fuck up
Remember me? Chka-chka-Onyx

Niggas that take no for an answer, get told, "No"
Yeah, I been told no but it was more like, "No, no, no"
Life's a bitch, met her, fuck you if you let her
Better come better than better to be a competitor
This vet is ahead of the shit is all redder, you deader and deader
A medic instead of the cheddars and credda
Settle vendetta with metal beretta from ghetto to ghetto
Evidence, nope, never leave a shred-of
I got the soul of every rapper in me, love me or hate me
My mom's got raped by the industry and made me
I'm the illest nigga ever, I told you
I get more pussy than them dyke bitches Total
Want beef? Nigga, pbbt, you better dead that shit
My name should be Can't-Believe-That-Nigga-Said-That-Shit
Probably sayin' he ain't a killer but I'm killin' myself
Smoke death, fuck bitches raw on the kitchen floor
So think what I'mma do to you, have done to you
Got niggas in my hood who'd do that shit for a blunt or two
What you wanna do? Cocksuckers, we glock busters
Till the cops cuff us, we'll start ruckus and drop blockbusters
Round the clock hustlers, you cannot touch us
I'm getting wires, niggas wanting me dead, wanting my head
You think it could be something I said?

Eminem:
Remember me? I just don't give a fuck
Remember me? Yeah, fuck you too
Remember me? I'm low down and I'm shifty
Remember me? I'm Shady

Eminem and Dr. Dre:
When I go out, I'mma go out shooting
I don't mean when I die, I mean when I go out to the club, stupid
I'm tryna clean up my fuckin' image so I promised the fuckin' critics
I wouldn't say fuckin' for six minutes
(Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blonde
So I made me a song, killed her, and put Hailie on
I may be wrong, I keep thinking these crazy thoughts
In my cranium but I'm stuck with a crazy mom
(Is she really on as much dope as you say she's on?)
Came home, and somebody musta broke in the back window
And stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trenchcoats
Sick, sick dreams of picnic scenes
Two kids, sixteen with M-16's and ten clips each
And them shits reach through six kids each
And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clint's speech to fix these streets?
Fuck that, pbbt, you faggots can vanish to volcanic ash
And reappear in Hell with a can of gas and a match
Aftermath, Dre, grab the gat, show 'em where it's at
(What the fuck you staring at, nigga?)

Don't you remember me?
Remember me?
Remember me?
Remember me?
That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)
I'm Back (I'm back) I'm back
That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)
I'm Back (I'm back) I'm back

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)
I'm Back (I'm back) I'm back
That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)
I'm Back (I'm back) I'm back

I murder a rhyme one word at a time
You never, heard of a mind as perverted as mine
You better get rid of that nine, it ain't gonna help
What good's it gonna do against a man that strangles himself?

I'm waiting for hell like hell shit I'm anxious as Hell
Manson, you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail
I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve
Thirteen I was putting shells in a gauge on a shelf

I used to get punked and bullied on my block
Till I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox
{"Mom! MOM!"} I used to give a - fuck, now I could give a fuck less
What do I think of success?  It sucks, too much press I'm stressed

Too much cess and breasts, too upset
It's just too much mess, I guess I must just blew up quick (yes)
Grew up quick (no) was raised right
Whatever you say is wrong, whatever I say is right

You think of my name now whenever you say, "Hi"
Became a commodity because I'm W-H-I-T-E 
'Cause MTV was so friendly to me can't wait 'til Kim sees me
Now is it worth it?  Look at my life, how is it perfect?
Read my lips bitch, what, my mouth isn't working?
You hear this finger?  Oh it's upside down
Here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)
I'm Back (I'm back) I'm back
That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)
I'm Back (I'm back) I'm back

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)
I'm Back (I'm back) I'm back
That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)
I'm Back (I'm back) I'm back

I take each individual degenerate's head and reach into it
just to see if he's influenced by me if he listens to music
And if he feeds into this shit he's an innocent victim
and becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe

{*vocal scratches*} My name is Slim Shady
I been crazy way before radio didn't play me
The sensational {"Back is the incredible!"}
With Ken Kaniff, who just finds the men edible
It's Ken Kaniff on the internet
Trying to lure your kids with him into bed

It's a sick world we live in these days
"Slim for Pete's sakes put down Christopher Reeve's legs!"
Geez, you guys are so sensitive
"Slim it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it"

Mind with no sense in it, fried to get schizophrenic
whose eyes get so squinted, I'm blind from smoking 'em
With my windows tinted, with nine limos rented
Doing lines of coke in 'em with a bunch of guys hopping out
all high and indo scented {*inhales, exhales*}
And that's where I get my name from, that's why they call me

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)
I'm Back (I'm back) I'm back
That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)
I'm Back (I'm back) I'm back

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)
I'm Back (I'm back) I'm back
That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)
I'm Back (I'm back) I'm back

I take seven kids from Columbine, stand 'em all in line
Add an AK-47, a revolver, a nine
A Mack-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine
and that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time

Cause (I'mmmm) Shady, they call me as crazy
as the world was over this whole Y2K thing
And by the way, *NSYNC, why do they sing?
Am I the only one who realizes they stink?

Should I dye my hair pink and care what y'all think?
Lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings?
It's why I tend to block out when I hear things
Cause all these fans screaming is making my ears ring (AHHHH!!!)

So I just, throw up a middle finger and let it linger
longer than the rumor that I was sticking it to Christina
'Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz
It'd be Jennifer Lopez and Puffy you know this!

I'm sorry Puff, but I don't give a fuck if this chick was my own mother
I still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her
And have a son and a new brother at the same time
And just say that it ain't mine, what's my name?

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)
I'm Back (I'm back) I'm back
That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)
I'm Back (I'm back) I'm back

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)
I'm Back (I'm back) I'm back
That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)
I'm Back (I'm back) I'm back

Guess who's b-back, back
Gue-gue-guess who's back (Hi mom!)
Guess who's back
Gue-guess who's back
D-12, Guess who's back
Gue, gue-gue-gue, guess who's back
Dr. Dre, Guess who's back
Back back back
Slim Shady, 2001
I'm blew out from this blunt
Fuck
Spoken:
You know I just don't get it: last year I was nobody, this year I'm sellin' records. Now everybody wants to come around like I owe 'em somethin'! What the fuck you want from me, ten million dollars? Get the fuck out of here!

You see I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy, I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before, all they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)

Yo, you might see me jogging, you might see me walking
You might see me walking a dead rottweiler dog
With its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar
Hollering at him 'cause the son of a bitch won't quit barking
Or leaning out a window with a cocked shotgun
Driving up the block in the car that they shot 'Pac in
Looking for B.I.G.'s killers
Dressing ridiculous
Blue and red, like I don't see what the big deal is
Double-barrel twelve gauge bigger than Chris Wallace
Pissed off, 'cause Biggie and 'Pac just missed all this
Watching all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em
And get dollars that shoulda been theirs like they switched wallets
And amidst all this Crist' poppin' and wristwatches
I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous
And walk around with an empty bottle of R&#xE9;my Martin
Starting shit like some 26-year-old skinny Cartman (Goddammit)
I'm anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin
With instinct to kill *NSYNC, don't get me started
These fuckin' brats can't sing, and Britney's garbage
What's this bitch retarded?  Gimme back my sixteen dollars
All I see is sissies in magazines smilin'
Whatever happened to wildin' out and being violent?
Whatever happened to catching a good old-fashioned passionate ass-whooping
And getting your shoes, coat and your hat tooken?

New Kids On The Block suck a lot of dick
Boy/girl groups make me sick
And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public
I'ma love it (Ha, ha, ha)

Vanilla Ice don't like me (Nuh-uh)
Said some shit in Vibe to spite me (Yup)
Then went and dyed his hair just like me (He-he)
A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me
And run around screamin' "I don't care, just bite me" (Nah nah)
I think I was put here to annoy the world
And destroy your little 4-year-old boy or girl
Plus I was put here to put fear
In faggots who spray Faygo root beer
And call themselves clowns 'cause they look queer
Faggy2Dope and Silent Gay
Claiming Detroit, when y'all live twenty miles away (Fucking punks)
And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fucking faggots the fuck out
Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out
After they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out (Aah)
Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck (Blaow)
Look at y'all runnin' your mouth again
When you ain't seen a fuckin' mile road south of 10
And I don't need help from D12
To beat up two females
In make-up, who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails
"Slim Anus"? You damn right, Slim Anus
I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flamin' faggots!

'Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm not a wrestler guy, I'll knock you out if you talk about me (Talk about me)
Come and see me on the streets alone if you assholes doubt me (Assholes doubt me)
And if you wanna run your mouth then come take your best shot at me (Your best shot at me)

Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me?
You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy!
Now because of this blond mop that's on top
And this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop?
The underground just spun'd around and did a 360
Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies
"Oh, he just did some shit with Missy,
So now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get Bizzy"
My fucking bitch mom's suing for ten million
She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealing
Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit?
All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress
Which is it bitch, Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers?
It doesn't matter, your attorney Fred Gibson's a faggot
Talkin' about I fabricated my past
He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass! (Uhh)
So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do?
For every million I make, another relative sues
Family fighting and fussing over who wants to invite me to supper
All of a sudden I got 90-some cousins (Hey it's me)
A half-brother and sister who never seen me
Or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV
Now everybody's so happy and proud
I'm finally allowed
To step foot in my girlfriend's house! (Hey)
And then to top it off, I walked to the newsstand
To buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp
Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast
And what do I see?  A picture of my big white ass
Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help
Uh, here - XXL, XXL
Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell!
Ah, fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself

'Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy, I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before, all they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)

'Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy, I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before, all they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)
As heard on The Slim Shady LP 
Ken: Let's call this motherfucker
(Dials operator)
Ken: Oh, fuck yeah... give him a piece of my mind... piece of my ass
(Operator comes on)
Operator: Thanks for waiting. Hello, may I help you?
Ken: Oh, thank you. I need to make a collect call
Operator: What number?
Ken: Oh... the number's (censored)
Operator: At the tone, please say your name
(Beep)
Ken: Kenneth Kaniff, from Connecticut. (connecting) Automated piece of shit
Eminem: Yo?
Ken: Hey there, cock boy
Eminem: Who's this?
Ken: This is Ken Kaniff
Eminem: Who?
Ken: Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, you lil' bitch
Eminem: From Connecticut?
Ken: Yeah, you wanna...
Eminem: I don't know nobody in Connecticut
Ken: You wanna get a hotel room with me?
Eminem: A hotel room?
Ken: Yeah, you want me to lick your ass, EMINEM?
Eminem: (laughs) Yo, who is this? Cage?
Ken: (laughing) You want me to fuckin' melt in your mouth and not in your hand? Melt in your ass, ya lil' cock boy
Eminem: (snickers) Yo, shut up, you lil' bitch
Ken: Oh, you think I'm lying, huh?
Eminem: (laughing out loud)
Ken: Ugh

As heard on The Marshall Mathers LP
Watch video at YouTube3aSMFdc9aJs|209|252

(Sucking noises/piano music in background)
Ken:Uhhhh... Yeah... Oh suck it... Oh, fuck yeah! Oh Shaggy... Uhh...
This is why they call you 2Dope, ain't it?
Uhh Fuck yeah!

Okay now take it out, take it out
Now give some to Jay... Oh, Violent Jay... Don't Bite it, don't be violent with it, just suck it, nice and slow...
Uhhhh, Oh fuck yeah, now give it back to Shaggy, he was suckin' it better. Uhh, now say my name!
Shagggy2Dope: Eminem!
Ken: Say my name!
Shaggy2Dope: Eminem!
Ken: WHAT?! Ah, Fuck you guys! Give me my dick back! (zips pants up) Fuck you guys! If you want Eminem, you can HAVE Eminem! Fuck you guys! I'm leavin!
Shaggy2Dope: Ken, wait!
(Ken slams door)
Shaggy2Dope: Uh, damn!
Violent Jay: Nice going, Shaggy!
Guess what?
I ain't coming in yet, I'll come in in a minute
Hey yo, this is my love song
It goes like this

Back when Mark Wahlberg was Marky Mark
This is how we used to make the party start
We used to mix Henn' with Bacardi Dark
And when it kicks in you can hardly talk

And by the sixth gin you gon' probably crawl
And you'll be sick then and you'll probably barf
And my prediction is that you gon' probably fall
Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall

And everything's spinning, you're beginning to think
Women are swimming in pink linen again in the sink
Then in a couple of minutes that bottle of Guinness is finished
You are now allowed to officially slap bitches

You have the right to remain violent and start wildin'
Start a fight with the same guy that was smart eyeing you
Get in the car and start it and start driving
Over the island and cause a 42-car pileup

"Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot
Looking for life on this planet sir, no sign of it
All I can see is a bunch of smoke flying
And I'm so high that I might die if I go by it

Let me out of this place I'm outta place
I'm in in outer space, I've just vanished without a trace
I'm going to a pretty place now where the flowers grow
I'll be back in an hour or so"

'Cause every time I go to try to leave (whoa)
Something keeps pulling on my sleeve (whoa)
I don't wanna but I gotta stay (whoa)
These drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa)

'Cause every time I try to tell 'em no (no)
They won't let me ever let 'em go (go)
I'm a sucker, all I gotta say (whoa)
Drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa)

In third grade all I used to do
Was sniff glue through a tube and play Rubik's Cube
Seventeen years later I'm as rude as Jude
Scheming on the first chick with the hugest boobs

I got no game and every face looks the same
They got no name, so I don't need game to play
I just say whatever I want to whoever I want
Whenever I want, wherever I want, however I want

However I do show some respect to few
This Ecstasy's got me standing next to you
Getting sentimental as fuck, spilling guts to you
We just met, but I think I'm in love with you

But you're on it too, so you tell me you love me too
Wake up in the morning like "Yo what the fuck we do?
I gotta go bitch, you know I got stuff to do
'Cause if I get caught cheating then I'm stuck with you"

But in the long run these drugs are probably gonna catch up sooner or later
But fuck it I'm on one, so let's enjoy
Let the X destroy your spinal cord
So it's not a straight line no more

So we walk around looking like some wind-up dolls
Shit sticking out of our backs like a dinosaur
Shit, six hits won't even get me high no more
So bye for now, I'm gonna try to find some more

'Cause every time I go to try to leave (whoa)
Something keeps pulling on my sleeve (whoa)
I don't wanna but I gotta stay (whoa)
These drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa)

'Cause every time I try to tell 'em no (no)
They won't let me ever let 'em go (go)
I'm a sucker, all I gotta say (whoa)
These drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa)

That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow
When you swallow it all, wallow and drown in your sorrow
And tomorrow you're probably gonna wanna do it again
What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend? Screw it

And what's a little bit of alcohol poisoning?
And what's a little fight? Tomorrow you'll be boys again
It's your life, live it however you wanna
Marijuana is everywhere, where was you brought up?

It don't matter as long as you get where you're going
'Cause none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're going
They tell you to stop but you just sit there ignoring
Even though you wake up feeling like shit every morning

But you're young, you got a lot of drugs to do
Girls to screw, parties to crash, sucks to be you
If I could take it all back now I wouldn't
I woulda did more shit that people said that I shouldn't

But I'm all grown up now and upgraded
And graduated to better drugs and updated
But I still gotta a lot of growing up to do
I still gotta whole lot of throwing up to spew

But when it's all said and done, I'll be forty
Before I know it with a 40 on the porch telling stories
With a bottle of Jack, two grandkids on my lap
Babysitting for Hailie, while Hailie's out getting smashed

'Cause every time I go to try to leave (whoa)
Something keeps pulling on my sleeve (whoa)
I don't wanna but I gotta stay (whoa)
These drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa)

'Cause every time I try to tell 'em no (no)
They won't let me ever let 'em go (go)
I'm a sucker, all I gotta say (whoa)
These drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa)

'Cause every time I go to try to leave (whoa)
Something keeps pulling on my sleeve (whoa)
I don't wanna but I gotta stay (whoa)
These drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa)

'Cause every time I try to tell 'em no (no)
They won't let me ever let 'em go (go)
I'm a sucker, all I gotta say (whoa)
These drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa)

Drugs really gotta hold of me
Really gotta hold of me
These drugs really gotta hold of me
They really gotta hold of me
(kill,kill,kill,kill)
Da-dum, da dum
da da dum, da dum
dadada dum, da dum
dada da dum, da dum, dum

(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville
(He'll) Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin' he won't, God damnit, he will
(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville

I get lifted and spin til I'm half-twisted
Feet planted I stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick (SMACK)
Pen full of ink, think sinful and rap sick shit
Shrink pencil me in for my last visit

Drink gin til my chin's full of splashed whiskers (whoosh)
Hash whiskey and ash til I slap bitches (smack)
Ask Bizzy, he's been here the past six years
Mash with me again and imagine this

(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville
(He'll) Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin' he won't, God damnit, he will
(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville

(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville
(He'll) Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin' he won't, God damnit, he will
(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville

Bizarre
I fucked my cousin in his asshole, slit my mother's throat
(AH!) Guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope?
My little sister's birthday, she'll remember me
For a gift I had ten of my boys take her virginity

(Mmm mm mmm!) And bitches know me as a horny ass freak
Their mother wasn't raped, I ate her pussy while she was asleep
Pissy-drunk, throwing up in the urinal (YOU FUCKING HOMO!)
That's what I said at my dad's funeral

(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville
(He'll) Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin' he won't, God damnit, he will
(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville

(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville
(He'll) Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin' he won't, God damnit, he will
(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville

Eminem
That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fucking idiots still (still)
That's why the first motherfucker popping some shit he gets killed (killed)
That's why we don't call it Detroit, we call it Amityville ('Ville)
You can get capped after just having a cavity filled (filled)

Ahahahaha, that's why we're crowned the murder capital still (still)
This ain't Detroit, this is motherfucking Hamburger Hill! (Hill!)
We don't do drive-bys, we park in front of houses and shoot
And when the police come we fucking shoot it out with 'em too

That's the mentality here (here) that's the reality here (here)
Did I just hear somebody say they want to challenge me here?? (huh?)
While I'm holding a pistol with this many calibers here?? (here??)
Got some registration and just made this shit valid this year? (year?)

'Cause once I snap I can't be held accountable for my actions
And that's when accidents happen
When a thousand bullets come at your house
And collapse the foundation around and they found you
And your family in it (AH!)
God damnit he meant when he tells you

(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville
(He'll) Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin' he won't, God damnit, he will
(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville

(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville
(He'll) Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin' he won't, God damnit, he will
(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville

Da-dum, da dum
da da dum, da dum
dadada dum, da dum
dada da dum, da dum, dum
Snoop & Dr. Dre
(Yeah, what up Detroit?) 
Nah-uh, nah-uh, uh-uh, oh no, he didn't 
They didn't do it again 
Wha-what? What? 
You shit on these niggas two times Dr. Dre? (Oh fo'sho) 
Uh-uh, no 
You smell that 
This is special right here 
It's a toast to the boogie baby 
To the boogie oogie-oogie 
Yeah, y'know 
What's cracking, Dre? 

Dr. Dre
Just let me lay back and kick some mo' simplistic pimp shit
On Slim's shit, start riots like Limp Bizkit (Limp Bizkit)
Throw on Guilty Conscience at concerts
And watch mosh pits till motherfuckers knock each other unconscious
(That's right, nigga)

Some of these crowds that Slim draws
Is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and full of cars
Some of these crowds, me and Snoop draw
Is niggas from Crenshaw, from Long Beach to South Central (Whoa)

Not these niggas again, these grown ass ignorant men
With hand triggers again (Shit)
You and what army could harm me
D-R-E and Shady with Doggy from Long Beach
(Snoop, Eastside)

We came a long way to making these songs play
It a be a wrong move to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long uzi, and I carry it all day
Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just being Andre
But I

Snoop
Somehow, someway, hello, nigga
You know about Doggy, Snoop Dogg
Now let me cut these niggas up
And show 'em where the fuck I'm comin' from
I get the party crackin' with the shit that I be spittin', son

Hit and run, get it done, get the funds, split and run
Got about 50 guns, and I love all of 'em the same
Bang bang
Damn, baby girl, what's yo name?

I forgot, what'd you say it was?
Damn, a nigga buzzed (Fucked up)
Hangin' in the club wit my nephew, Eminem
(What's up, Slim?)
What up, cuz?
(What's up, Snoop?)
The great white American hope
Done hooked up with the king of the motherfuckin' West Coast, baby

Nate Dogg
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat

Snoop
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

Xzibit
I'm the head nigga in charge
I'm watching you move
You're found dead in your garage
With 10 o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it, 'cause I expose the fasciad
Your little lungs is too small to hot box with God

All jokes aside, come bounce wit us
Standing over you with a 12 gauge about to bust
It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in a body bag, but never in cuffs

So who do you trust, they just not rugged enough
When things get rough, I'm in the club shooting with Puff
Bitch, please, you must have a mental disease
Assume the position and get back down on your knees, come on

Nate Dogg
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat

Snoop
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

Nate Dogg
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
Snoop
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

Eminem (Snoop)
Ah no, Big Slim Dogg, 80 pound balls (What?)
Dick six inch long (Huh?)
Back up in the heezy, baby
He's Shady (He's so crazy)

Give me the mic, let me recite 'til Timothy White
Pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right?
I'm just a criminal making a livin' off the world's misery
What in the world gives me the right?

To say what I like and walk around flippin' the bird
Livin' the urban life like a white kid from the 'burbs
Dreamin' at night and screamin' at mom's schemin' to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me

I just want you all to notice me and people to see
That somewhere deep down is a decent human being in me
It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me
Is 'cause this is me now, the recent dude is being this mean

So when you see me dressin' up like a nerd on TV
Or heard tea CD using the fag word so freely
It's just me being me, here want me to tone it down
Suck my fuckin' dick, you faggot
You happy now? Look here

I start some trouble everywhere that I go
Ask the bouncers in the club 'cause they know
I start some shit, they throw me out the back do'
Come back and shoot the club up wit a fo-four

Nate Dogg
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat

Snoop
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

Nate Dogg
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat

Snoop
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

Xzibit
2001 and forever
Slim Shady, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, X to the Z, Nate Dogg
Come on, yeah
Aww, look at daddy's baby girl
That's daddy's baby, little sleepy head
Yesterday I changed your diaper wiped you and powdered you
How did you get so big? Can't believe it, now you're two
Baby you're so precious, daddy's so proud of you
Sit down bitch, you move again I'll beat the shit out of you! (Okay)

Don't make me wake this baby, she don't need to see what I'm 'bout to do
Quit crying bitch, why do you always make me shout at you?
How could you just leave me and love him out the blue?
Oh, what's the matter Kim, am I too loud for you?
Too bad bitch, you're gonna finally hear me out this time
At first, I'm like "Aight, you wanna throw me out, that's fine"
But not for him to take my place, are you out your mind?
This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine
How could you let him sleep in our bed, look it Kim
Look at your husband now (No), I said look at him!
He ain't so hot now, is he, little punk?
(Why are you doing this?) Shut the fuck up!
(You're drunk, you're never gonna get away with this)
You think I give a fuck? Come on we're going for a ride bitch (No)
Sit up front (We can't just leave Hailie alone, what if she wakes up)
We'll be right back, well I will, you'll be in the trunk

So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you
So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you

You really fucked me Kim, you really did a number on me
Never knew me cheatin' on you would come back to haunt me
But we was kids then Kim, I was only eighteen, that was years ago
I thought we wiped the slate clean, that's fucked up
(I love you) Oh God, my brain is racing
(I love you) What are you doing? Change the station
I hate this song, does this look like a big joke? (No)
There's a four year-old little boy laying dead with a slit throat
In your living room, ha-ha, what, you think I'm kidding you?
You loved him didn't you? (No)
Bullshit you bitch don't fucking lie to me
What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me?
Fuck you asshole, yeah, bite me
Kim, Kim! Why don't you like me? You think I'm ugly, don't you?
(It's not that) No, you think I'm ugly (Baby)
Get the fuck away from me, don't touch me
I hate you, I hate you, I swear to God, I hate you, oh my God, I love you
How the fuck could you do this to me? (I'm sorry)
How the fuck could you do this to me?

So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you
So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you

Come on get out (I can't, I'm scared)
I said get out bitch (Let go of my hair)
(Please don't do this baby, please I love you)
(Look, we can just take Hailie and leave)
Fuck you! You did this to us, you did it, it's your fault
Oh my God, I'm cracking up, get a grip Marshall
Hey remember the time we went to Brian's party?
And you were like so drunk that you threw up all over Archie
That was funny, wasn't it? (Yes)
That was funny, wasn't it? (Yes)
See it all makes sense, doesn't it?
You and your husband have a fight, one of you tries to grab a knife
And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced (No)
And while this is going on, his son just woke up and he walks in
She panics and he gets his throat cut (Oh my God)
So now they both dead and you slash your own throat
So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note
I should've known better when you started to act weird
We could of - hey, where you going? Get back here
You can't run from me Kim, it's just us, nobody else
You're only making this harder on yourself
Ha ha, got ya, go ahead, yell
Here I'll scream with you, "Ah, somebody help!"
Don't you get it bitch, no one can hear you
Now shut the fuck up and get what's coming to you
You were supposed to love me
Now bleed bitch, bleed!
bleed bitch, bleed!
Bleed!

So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you
So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you
Chem-le-le-le-le-le-le-le, le-le, le-le
Chem-ne-le-eh-ne-nuf-nu-nef, ne-nish, le-le, translation
So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit
'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick

Eminem and Swifty:
Two pills I pop till my pupils swell up like two pennies
I'm Clint Eastwood in his mid-twenties
A young ass man with a trash can, strapped to the back
Of his ass so the rats can't chew through his last pants
I'm like a mummy at night, fightin' with bright lightnin'
Frightened with five little white Vicodin pills bitin' him
I'm like a fuckin' wasp in the hospital lost
Stingin' the fuck outta everything I come across in the halls
I light a candle and place it up on the mantle
Grab a knife at the blade and stab you with the fucking handle
So when you find yourself wrapped up in the blinds, hurting (Bitch it's too late)
'Cause once you're hung from the drapes, it's curtains

Swifty:
I'm an instigator, .380 slug penetrator
Degrading, creating murders to kill haters
Accused for every crime known through the equator
They knew I did it for having blood on my 'gators
My weed'll hit your chest like a double barrel gauge and
I'm a black grenade that'll blow up in your face
With a fifth in me, when I guzzle Remi I do shit on purpose
You never hear me say forgive me
I'm snatchin every penny, it gotta be that way nigga, face it
That weed I sold to you, Brigade laced it
You hidin', I make the president get a facelift
Niggas just afraid, handin' me they bracelets
Chilling in the lab wasted
I'm the type that'll drink Kahlua and gin, throw up on the mic
Your life is ruined, you get socked right on site
And even at the Million Man March, we gon' fight

Eminem:
So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit
'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick
'Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like my shit
'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick

Bizarre:
I'm a compulsive liar, setting my preacher on fire
Slashing your tires, flying down Fenkell and Meyers
Plates expired, soon as I'm hired, I'm fired
Jacking my dick off in a bed of barbed wire
(Hey, is Bizarre performing?) Bitch didn't you read the flyer?
Special invited guest will be, Richard Pryor
(Aren't you a male dancer?) Nah bitch, I'm retired
Fucking your bitch in the ass with a tire iron
I'm ripped, I'm on an acid trip
My DJ's in a coma for letting the record skip
Letting the record skip, letting the record skip (Damn)

I'm fucking anything when I'm snorting
It's gonna cost three hundred dollars to get my pitbull an abortion
Some bitch asked for my autograph
I called her a whore, spit beer in her face and laughed
I drop bombs like I was in Vietnam
All bitches is hoes, even my stinkin' ass mom

Proof:
Ayo, flashback, two feets, two deep up in that ass crack
Weed laced with something, nigga pass that
In Amsterdam we only hang out with hash rats
At a Stop the Violence rally, I blast gats
BMI on publishing, get your ASCAP-ped
The Kuniva, divide up your cash stack
Run your motherfuckin' pockets, ASAP
I don't need a platinum chain bitch, I snatch Shaq's
Born loser, half thief and half black
Bring your boys and your guns and get laughed at
Bitch smacker rich rappers get they Jag jacked
And found chopped up in a trash bag

Kuniva:
We strangling rappers until the point they can't yell
'Cause they crew is full of fags and sweeter than bake sales
Reckless, come from behind and snatch your necklace
Gruesome, and causin' more violence than nine hoodlums
I grapple your adam's apple until it crackle
Run right past you, turn around, grab you and stab you
Get executed, cause I'm a Luni, I got a Yukmouth
And it's polluted, I cock it back then shoot it
I love snatching up players thugs and young ballers
Shoot up the household, even the young toddlers
Brigade barricade to bring the noise
While the bullets break your bones up like Christmas toys
If I go solo, I'm doin' a song with Bolo
A big Chinese nigga, screamin Kuniva, yo, yo
I leave ya face leaking, run up in church
And smack the preacher while he's preaching, take a swing at the deacon

Kon Artis:
I used to tell cats I sold weed and weight
I was straight 'til I got caught selling em shape
I'm ignorant, with the intent to snatch your rent
I got kicked out of summer camp for having sex in my tent
With the superintendent's daughter, my brain's out of order
I've been a Kon Artis since I was swimmin' in water
In cahoots with this nigga named Carlisle Von
Who got fired from UPS for tryin' to send you a bomb
(Special delivery) I signed to a local label for fun
Say I got cancer, get dropped, take the advancement and run
Drive-by you in the rain while you carry your son
Call your house and hang up on you for not giving me none
Born straight up out a pussy but a son of a gun
Got a reputation for havin niggas running they funds
Used to be the type of nigga that was folding some ones
Till I met your fat mama, now I'm rolling in dough

Eminem:
So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit
'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick
'Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like my shit
'Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick

Ha ha, suck my motherfuckin' dick
D-12, Dirty-motherfuckin'-Dozen
Nasty like a stank slut bitch with thirty fuckin' husbands
Bizarre Kid, Swifty McVay, the Kon Artis
The Kuniva, Dirty Harry and Slim Shady
Spoken:
A lot of people ask me, stupid fuckin' questions.
A lot of people think that, what I say on record, or what I talk about on a record, that I actually do in real life, or that I believe in it.
Or if I say that, I wanna kill somebody that, I'm actually gonna do it, or that I believe in it.
Well shit, if you believe that, then I'll kill you, you know why?

'Cause I'm a criminal
Criminal, you goddamn right
I'm a criminal
Yeah I'm a criminal

My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge
That'll stab you in the head, whether you're a fag or les
Or a homosex-, hermaph- or a trans-a-ves
Pants or dress, "Hate fags?", the answer's yes

Homophobic, nah you're just hetero-phobic 
Starin' at my jeans, watchin' my genitals bulgin' (Ooh!) 
That's my motherfuckin' balls, you better let go of 'em 
They belong in my scrotum, you'll never get hold of 'em

Hey it's me Versace, whoops somebody shot me
And I was just checkin' the mail, get it, checkin' the 'male' (clicks tongue twice)
How many records you expectin' to sell
After your second LP sends you directly to jail

Come on relax guy, I like gay men 
Right Ken, give me an amen (AAA-men!) 
Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus 
Heal this child, help us destroy these demons 

Oh, and please send me a brand new car
And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital
Preacher preacher, fifth grade teacher
You can't reach me, my mom can't neither

You can't teach me a goddamn thing
'Cause, I watch TV and Comcast cable
And you ain't able to stop these thoughts
You can't stop me from toppin' these charts

And you can't stop me from droppin' each March
With a brand new CD for these fuckin' retards (Duh)
And to think, it's just little ole me
Mr. Don't-Give-A-Fuck, still won't leave

I'm a criminal
'Cause every time I write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime to tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal
But I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin', I don't take shit from no one

I'm a criminal
'Cause every time I write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime to tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal
But I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin', I don't take shit from no one

My mother did drugs, hard liquor cigarettes and speed
The baby came out, disfigured ligaments indeed
It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she
Don't dare make fun of that baby 'cause that baby was me

I'm a criminal, an animal caged who turned crazed
But how the fuck you s'posed to grow up when you weren't raised
So as I got older and I got a lot taller
My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger

I drink malt liquor to fuck you up quicker
Than you'd wanna fuck me up for sayin' the word
My morals went *thhbbpp* when the president got oral
Sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk

Off of his own employee, now don't ignore me you won't avoid me
You can't miss me, I'm white blonde-haired and my nose is pointy
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die in plane crashes
And laughs as long as it ain't happen to him

Slim Shady, I'm as crazy as Em-
-inem and Kim combined, *kch* the maniac's in
In place of the doc, because Dre couldn't make it today
He's a little under the weather, so I'm takin' his place

(Mm-mm-mmm!) Oh, that's Dre with an AK to his face
Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place
I told you Dre, you should've kept that thing put away
I guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh
I'm a criminal

Spoken by Eminem, Dr. Dre, & (Teller)
Aight look... Uh huh?
Just go up in that motherfucker, get the motherfuckin' money and get the fuck up outta there. Aight.
I'll be right here waitin' on you. Aight.
Yo, Em! What?! Don't kill nobody this time! Aright!
God damn, this motherfucker gets on my fuckin' nerves.
*Whistling* (Hi!) How you doin'?
(How can I help you?) Yeah I need to make a withdrawal.
(Okay.) Put the fuckin' money in the bag bitch and I won't kill you!
(What? Oh my god, don't kill me!) I'm not gonna kill you bitch, quit lookin' around.
(Don't kill me, I have two kids at home, don't kill me.) I said I'm not gonna fuckin' kill you, hurry the fuck up!
*BOOM* Thank you!

Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it
So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it
So I'll be disguised in it
And if anybody identifies the guy in it, I'll hide for five minutes

Come back, shoot the eyewitness
Then fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business
Die bitches, bastards brats pests
This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet

If I ever gave a fuck, I'd shave my nuts
Tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck *Clucking*
You motherfuckin' chickens ain't brave enough
To say the stuff I say, so just tape it shut

Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up
To make you mad, so kiss my white naked ass
And if it's not a rapper that I make it as
I'ma be a fuckin' rapist in a Jason mask

I'm a criminal
'Cause every time I write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime to tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal
But I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin', I don't take shit from no one

I'm a criminal
'Cause every time I write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime to tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal
But I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin', I don't take shit from no one

I'm a criminal
'Cause every time I write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime to tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal
But I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin', I don't take shit from no one

I'm a criminal
'Cause every time I write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime to tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal
But I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin', I don't take shit from no one

I am a criminal
And everyone should get along

Eminem impersonating Mr. Mackey & Eric Cartman :
Okay children, quiet down, quiet down
Children, I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day
His name is Mr. Shady
Children, quiet down please
Brian, don't throw that (Shut up)
Mr. Shady will be your new substitute while Mr. Kaniff is out with Pneumonia (He's got AIDS)
Good luck Mr. Shady



Hi there, little boys and girls (Fuck you)
Today we're going to learn how to poison squirrels

But first I'd like you to meet my friend Bob (Huh?)
Say hi Bob (Hi Bob), Bob's 30 and still lives with his mom
He don't got a job cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot
But his 12 year old brother looks up to him an awful lot

And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot
And wait in the parking lot for waitresses off the clock
When it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog
Drag 'em in the woods and goes straight to the chopping block

And even if they escaped and they got the cops
The ladies would all be just so afraid they'd drop the charge
Till one night Mrs. Stacy went off the job
When she felt someone grab hold of her face and said not to talk

But Stacy knew it was Bob and said knock it off
But Bob wouldn't knock it off 'cause he's crazy and off his rocker
Crazy good as Slim Shady is off the block, uh
You couldn't even take him to Dre's to give Bob a doctor

Grabbed Stacy by the legs and chopped them off her
And dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her
But ever since the day Stacy went off to wander they never found her
And Bob still hangs at the waffle diner

And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana and what it might do to you
So see if the squirrels want it, it's bad for you

Mr. Mackey impersonation (Eminem):
See children, drugs are bad (come on)
And if you don't believe me ask your dad (raise your hand)
And if you don't believe him ask your mom (that's right)
She'll tell you how she does him all the time (she will)

So kids say no to drugs (that's right)
So you don't act like everyone else does (uh huh)
And there's really nothing else to say (sing along)
Drugs are just bad, m'kay



My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it
Fuck no you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut (huh?)
Speaking of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels
Ecstasy, it's the worst drug in the world

If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it
Kids, two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid
And spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back
So don't get attached it'll attack every bone in your back

Meet Zach, 21 years old
After hanging out with some friends at a frat party, he gets bold
And decides to try five when he's bribed by five guys
And peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it

Suddenly, he starts to convulse, and his pulse
Goes into hyperdrive, and his eyes roll back in his skull
His back arches up, looks like the McDonalds arches
He's on Donald's carpet, layin' horizontal barfin'

And everyone in the apartment starts laughin' at him
"Hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him."
'Cause they took it too, so they think it's funny
So they're laughing at basically nothing, except maybe wasting their money

Meanwhile Zach's in a coma, the action is over
And his back and his shoulders hunched up like he's practicing yoga
And that's the story of Zach: the ecstasy maniac
So don't even feed that to squirrels class, 'cause it's bad for you

Mr. Mackey impersonation (Eminem):
See children, drugs are bad (that's right)
And if you don't believe me ask your dad (that's right)
And if you don't believe him ask your mom (you can)
She'll tell you how she does him all the time (she will)

So kids say no to drugs (smoke crack)
So you don't act like everyone else does (that's right)
And there's really nothing else to say (Uh huh)
Drugs are just bad, m'kay



And last but not least, one of the most humongous
Problems among young people today, is fungus
It grows from cow manure, they pick it out wipe if off bag it up
And you put it right in your mouth and chew it (Yum yum)

And then you start to see some dumb stuff
And everything slows down when you eat some of 'em
And sometimes you see things that aren't there (like what?)
Like fat women in g-strings with orange hair

"Mr. Shady, what's a g-string?", it's yarn Clair
Women stick them up their behinds, go out and wear 'em
And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms
Whoops did I say magic mushrooms, I meant fungus

Your tongue gets, all swole up like a cow's tongue (How come?)
'Cause it comes from a cow's dung
See drugs are bad, it's a common fact
But your mom and dad, know that's all that I'm good at

But don't be me, 'cause if you grow up and go and OD
They're gonna come for me, and I'ma have to grow a goatee
And get a disguise and hide, 'cause it'll be my fault
So don't drugs and do exactly as I don't, because I'm bad for you

Mr. Mackey impersonation (Eminem):
See children, drugs are bad (uh huh)
And if you don't believe me ask your dad (put that down)
And if you don't believe him ask your mom (you can ask)
She'll tell you how she does him all the time (and she will)

So kids say no to drugs (say no)
So you don't act like everyone else does (like I do)
And there's really nothing else to say (that's right)
Drugs are just bad, m'kay

Eminem impersonating Mr. Mackey & Eric Cartman :
Come on children, clap along (Shut up!)
Sing along children (Suck my motherfuckin dick!)
Drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad (South Park is gonna sue me!)
So don't do drugs (Suck my motherfuckin penis!)
So there'll be more for me (Hippie! God damnit!)
(Mushrooms killed Kenny!...Ewww, ah!)
(So, fucked up, right now.)
(Ja Rule)
Yo

(01)
Yooo... uh

(Ja Rule)
Rule nigga
Ja Rule... 01

(01)
Uh

(Ja Rule) (01)
Yeah
It's our world... please believe
Niggas ain't real... please believe
It's murda... please believe
I-N-C... niggas what's fuckin' with me?
R-U-L-E... love me or hate me... baby
Refer to 3:36... baby
That's the rule... please niggas don't get it confused
See this game that we playin'.. y'all playin' to lose
Who's next that wanna ride... (who?)
Spittin'... (who?).. how I do niggas... (who?)..
Knowin' they wanna ride (who?)
Rule baby... I've been really outta control lately
If you relatin' let me hear ya say... yay-yay... yay-yay
Y'all feelin' my pain?.. I've been runnin' wild time and again
Y'all swerve in my lane... I'll pull up and start poppin' ya brain
Fuck knowin' these broads names... it's () the champagne
Y'all niggas is lame... my niggas ain't sane...
Who you fuckin' with?

(Ja Rule) (01)
Y'all niggas wanna dead... (who?)..
Then wanna ride... (who?)
Y'all know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!)

(Vita)
It's murda murda... you know it's murda murda
We scream it... we yell it... we livin' murda murda murda

(Ja Rule) (01)
Y'all ain't feelin'... (who?)
Y'all don't like... (who?)
Y'all know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!)

(Vita)
It's murda murda... you know it's murda murda
We live it... we breathe it... we screamin' murda murda murda

(Ja Rule)
Murder INC. is my blood...
We go through the pain together... by any means
Poppin' it hot at whoever... or so it seems
Niggas that getting hot... not this hot nigga very hot
See it in your eyes... niggas ready to die
But as long as I'm alive... I'm puttin' this on my life
For niggas that ain't right... they get it upon sight
If ya know me... then you'll no way... pop away
Cock and pop again... baby... men will be men
I spit off 10... fuck it give 'em the 16
Like my guns dirty and hands clean...
Loose bitches in tight jeans
Old money and crack fiends... was a fetish...
Before Guliani got into office and deaded shit
Fuck it... I'm livin' my life on the edge
Got one in the head... plus a niggas Fed... 'nuff said
I'm gonna behead niggas that don't believe this
Rule baby... 3:36

(Ja Rule) (01)
Y'all niggas wanna dead... (who?)
Then wanna ride... (who?)
Y'all know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!)

(Vita)
It's murda murda... you know it's murda murda
We scream it... we yell it... we livin' murda murda murda

(Ja Rule) (01)
Y'all ain't feelin'... (who?)
Y'all don't like... (who?)
Y'all know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!)

(Vita)
It's murda murda... you know it's murda murda
We live it... we breathe it... we screamin' murda murda murda

(01) (Ja Rule)
We are the world's most dangerous... niggas alive
All of my niggas bang with us... and let's ride
Muthafuckas will ball but not many survive
Cause 50 shots... tearin' through the side of ya ride
'Cause we are... (MURDERERS)
Muthafucka you heard... playa... (MURDERERS)
Poppin' collars in air
Poppin' shots through ya rearview
Bullets, they tear through
Got niggas wonderin' like... "What the fuck did I do?"
So niggas wanna go and get they man 'cause they can't do this shit
Because they ain't got no heart for this... bust a gun and body shit
Niggas like you probably snitch... do a nigga then get rich
Niggas like you always fit... 6 feet deep inside a ditch
There ain't nothin' fuckin' with this... ya know why?
Nigga I just came into the game... "Ready to Die"
Ready to hold heat... drive-by with Rule
Poppin' shots through the sun roof screamin' "Fuck You!"

(Ja Rule) (01)
Y'all niggas wanna dead... (who?)
Then wanna ride... (who?)
Y'all know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!)

(Vita)
It's murda murda... you know it's murda murda
We scream it... we yell it... we livin' murda murda murda

(Ja Rule) (01)
Y'all ain't feelin'... (who?)
Y'all don't like... (who?)
Y'all know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!)

(Vita)
It's murda murda... you know it's murda murda
We live it... we breathe it... we screamin' murda murda murda

(Ja Rule) (01)
Y'all niggas wanna dead... (who?)..
Then wanna ride... (who?)
Y'all know the niggas that be steady screamin'.. (Fuck you!)

(Vita)
It's murda murda... you know it's murda murda
We scream it... we yell it... we livin' murda murda murda

(Ja Rule) (01)
Y'all ain't feelin'... (who?)
Y'all don't like... (who?)
(Puff) Bad Boy baby
(Big) Yeah... yeah...
Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah...
(Puff) Yeah... B.I.G. 2000
B.I.G. 2000 Born Again... c'mon...

Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.

The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong

(Notorious B.I.G.)
Relax and take notes, while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke - gun smoke, gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer
The hooker layer - motherfucker say your prayers
Hail Mary full of grace... smack the bitch in the face;
Take her Gucci bag and the North Face
Off her back, jab her if she act
Funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, kapeesha? I'm out like, "The Vapors"
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho, the head honcho
Swift fist like Camacho, I got so
Much style I should be down wit the Stylistics
Make up to break up {*singing in background*} niggaz need to wake up
Smell the indonesia; beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins till amnesia
She don't remember shit! Just the two hits!
Her hittin the floor, and me hittin the clits!
Suckin on the tits! Had the hooker beggin for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly love; my dick got rock quick
I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was "Humpin Around" and "Jump-in Around"
Jacked her then I asked her who's the man; she said, "B-I-G"
Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo Big, you're dead wrong)

Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start)

(Notorious B.I.G.)
When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh
Leave your toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the tech G
Disrespect me - my potency is deadly
I'm shootin babies, no ifs ands or maybes
Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis
After she sucked the dick, I stabbed her brother with the icepick
Because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
But Smalls don't get down like that
Got your father hidin in a room; fucked him with the broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
Who you think you're dealin' with?
Anybody step into my path is fuckin' feelin' it!
Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab ya till you're gushy, so please don't push... me
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon, got the little hookers screamin
Because you know I love it young, fresh and green
With no hair in between, know what I mean?

Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start)

(Puff) Ladies and gentlemen...

(Eminem)
There's several different levels to Devil worshippin: horse's heads,
Human sacrifices, canibalism; candles and exorcism
Animals havin' sex with 'em; camels mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that, I kick the habit - I just,
Beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fuckin', meat looks fresh
I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin', I got a 'nan in my pocket
And baby I'm just, dyin' to cock him
He's ready for war, I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw
My uz's, heavy as yours, yeah you met me before
I just din' have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door, I lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
Red on the ceilin, red on the floor, get a new whore
Met on the second, wed on the third;
And she's dead on the fourth - I'm dead wrong

Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start)

Chorus repeats to fade...

(Puff Daddy)
Uh-huh, and we won't stop, because we can't stop
Yo
(Yo)
Look!
(Yo)

Eminem-
No matter what people say
I'm gon' keep rapping this way
No matter what you may think
I'm gon' keep doing my thing

One of the worst things
Is fat, bald men decided to write songs
And teach Mouseketeers to sing
I'll stick Britney Spears in a room full of mirrors
So she gets fifty years of bad luck
Causing terror to Christina Aguilera
When I grab her by the hair and drag her across the Sahara
(Bitch!)
You aware of this rap terrorist with a therapist
With a hair up his ass like a rabbit crawled up his pants
Got a habit of holding Tylenol in his hands
Till it melts in his fucking palms and dissolves in his glands
(So who is it?)
Fool who visits the playground
With two biscuits to lay down the school district
Get pissed with a whip with a Marseburg
With a pistol grip and fed pit bull shit
Sniff glue sticks like I give two shits
If I get too rich I just get sued

Redman-
Yo I leave with no injure
After I blow four one in ya
One handstand on top of your ninja
Crashin' Doc stir the madness
We all out of work like Tony Atlas
Walking with cans in a laundry basket
America's most with the army after us
Fuck flossin' we take what's yours
Unload fifteen like an ace and four
I'm out of work but Doc laid them off
(Shit! The power's out)
The tape is off
Yo who target it from arsonists?
Paper make pens filled with arsenic
I got hoes that don't know what Prada is
Doc can shave up, cut your barber miss
?
I turn out camps in to crystal lakes
And fuck bitches face is what I'mma do
Cause that's what white boy Tyno do

Eminem-
So how's everybody doing tonight?
Hope you in the mood to get drunk
To screw and to fight
Cause uh we getting down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if y'all don't wanna bump to this

Redman-
So how's everybody feeling tonight?
Hope you in the mood to get rude
And illin' to fight
Cause uh we getting down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if you don't wanna bump

Redman-
Yo when my gat spit it hospital son admitted
Rip your lips off kiss my ass with it
Slap bitches, Doc, Marshall Math's...
(Print it!)
Weed, ex, and the acid tabs did it
I'm what's happening with no rerun
Doc rob Dinero when the heat come
My barrel hangs out the Camero
Aimed at the nose when them hoes is hard to breathe from
Flash the gat your town bow guarded
Your wallet, your chain the main target
Beef is like cold engine, don't start it
Bust in the air and hit an airplane pilot
We pound you, rap surround sounds around you
From ten speed and brown shoe
Doc and Eminem, cock the M&M
Blood flows with 2Paclypse and them
It's like Funk Doctor

Eminem-
Mr. Punk Rocker
Got the drug stock inside the lunch box
Pop junk like I just got jumped
Pop the trunk and pull out the shotgun pump
Knock wood, it's all good
Thank God for vodka
But with my luck, I'll probably get shot by a stalker
Probably got a Fanatic waiting upstairs in the attic
With an automatic calling me up there
My man Stan with a gat in his hand
Staking my house out in a damn tinted Sedan
Pull your mouth out till you can't finish a damn
Ham sandwich or your canned spinach or Spam
You gotta sip through a straw
Shop lift through the mall
Pictures of me on my mom's living room wall
Hey ma maybe I'll give you a call
Sike! you fucking bitch!
Suck a dick and two balls
I'm giving you all my shocking script
Which is to piss a priest off with this
Pop more pills than police officers
Arrive at the scene to pull me off of Kim
Teeth off my dick, hands off my balls
But y'all can kiss my ass, pants off and all
'Cause I'm so goddamn off the wall
I might as well be a painting smashed on the floor

Eminem-
No matter what people say
I'm gon' keep doing my thing
No matter, OH!
Dr. Dre
Check check
One, two
One, two
One, two (is it rolling?)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Dr. Dre up in here
Y'all know what this is
It's what y'all been waiting for
Funk Master Flex
Big Kap
Def Jam Records giving it to you, baby
Yo, Eminem
Show these motherfuckers what time it is, baby

Eminem
I used to be a lonely man (only mad)
Until I got a million dollars, shit
Now if I only had some fucking hair
I'd pull it, faster than a bullet
Out of Tupac's chest
Before the ambulance came too late to do it
I'm trying to grow it back again
It was an accident
I had my back against a fan
Who chopped it off in Amsterdam
I hate the straight jacket, it ain't latching
They can't lock it
So they stapled my hand
To my pants pockets
The cell's padded and battered
Like someone else had it before me
And just kept throwing them-fucking-selves at it
My head is aching
I'm dedicated to medication
But this med is taking to long to bring me this sedation? (come on)
Anyway, I got down with Dre (what up?)
The first man who taught me how the glock sounded to spray
Running up and down the street screaming, "Fuck the police"
When you still had your mother's fucking nipple
Stuck in your teeth (fucking baby)
Became a role model after Colorado
Now all they do is follow me around and holler, "Bravo"
Hell yeah, I punch my bitch and beat my kids in public
Suck my dick, bitch
I'm sick enough to fuck a man in his face, but I won't
'Cause you'll probably wanna stand in his place
So put a sock in it
With your fake-ass Tupac image
You faggots ain't tough
You just get drunk and become talkative (wanna fight?)
I'm probably the awkwardest alcoholic talking
Walking like a midget with a ladder in his back pocket
So when you see me on your block
Stumbling, mumbling a bunch of dumb shit
Like my drunk uncle does
I ain't buzzed, I'm just high on life
So why on earth would I need drugs
When I can fly on kites?
Motherfuckers
Slim Shady

Dr. Dre
Dr. Dre

Eminem
I'm drunk pass the test

(Chorus) (repeat 2X)

Eminem
'Cause if I get locked up tonight
Then I might not come home tonight
Dr. Dre
Keep it moving
Off and on
Eminem is on
Off and on
Dr. Dre is on
Eminem
'Cause if I get locked up tonight
Then I might not come home tonight
Dr. Dre
Keep it moving
Off and on
Eminem is on
Off and on
Dr. Dre is on

Eminem
The whole entire world can sit and twirl like a whirling tire
I set a fucking girl on fire with a curling iron (ah)
Psych I'm just joking, for Christ sakes
Don't get so bent out of shape
'Cause I went out and raped six girlfriends
Some people just don't get it
But I won't let it upset me
'Cause they don't know better
They don't know what the fuck it's like to be so fed up
And fed so many uppers you're down and won't get up
My mind's got a mind of its own
Sometimes I can't find it at home
It hides in the stove (hello, where you at?)
Shit, talk about your brain being baked
My shit's still in the oven on 480 degrees
Hailey Jade
Daddy loves you, baby
Don't ever tell me how to raise my daughter
Fuck you, lady
You critics wanna criticize but couldn't visualize
Individuals lives through a criminal's eyes (fuck it)
The neighborhood that I grew up in
You could die for nothing
And Dirty Dozen watches over me
So try some dumb shit
I'll have a fucking man raped with a band-aid over his mouth
And shove his head in the fan blade
Don't ever tell me what
I can and what I can't say
Or change 'cause of the
Age range in my fan base
Like I give a fuck who's buying this shit
Quit fucking buying it
I'm tired, bitch
I'm dying to quit
Hip hop is universal now
It's all commercial now
It's like a circle full of circus clowns up in the circuit now
But now the white kids like it
So they tell me I can buy it
But as soon as I get on the mic, it's like the night get silent
Either that or booed, that's why I keep an attitude
And go to sleep with it and wake up with it every afternoon
I'm sick of being judged, fuck it, let me see a judge
I'll confess to every murder
I committed since three years old

Eminem
'Cause if I get locked up tonight
Then I might not come home tonight
Dr. Dre
Keep it moving
Off and on
Eminem is on
Off and on
Dr. Dre is on

Dr. Dre
Yo, fuck that
Turn that shit off
Let's get the fuck out of here
You know how we do
(Uh, hell yeah man, hm, oh fuck yeah
When I'm not at home, beating my shit to death
I'm listening to the Madd Rapper's album
This is Ken Kaniff, and I'm still mad as hell... fuck you)

(Eminem)
I'm crazy with this razor with this razor I'm crazy
With this crazor I'm razy, razor crazed I'm crazy!
(Ok I'm Re-Loaded!) Go Bring Jay-Z!
(Tell them him I'ma ghostwrite for him!) Over Dre's Beats!
Ran in the ladies room naked in a blanket
At the banquet and started to spank it (Ah!)
Came in the bank with a tank, fired a blank
At the clerk and handcuffed her ankles to the safe and thanked her
But I didn't take nothing (Thanks!)
Every bullet came from the same gun
Just from different angles, 'cause I was pickin' strange places to aim from
(Mad Rapper: Man, I bet you 50 bucks you won't jump out the window
Shady)
(Crash) (Ah!) Pay me

(Madd Rapper)
Psych, no way fucked up in the head
Shot my girl and my sister 'cause I caught them in bed (Wait, wait, wait)
I'm a crazy mothafucka might shoot me a fed
Or I just might start a fist fight instead
See as far as the dough go
I go loco, see me pumpin gas at your local Sunoco
Stuck off the hydro mixed with cocoa
Jump turnstyles, then run from po po

Life stinks, we don't give a fuck son, we crazy
Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy
Fuck wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy
Madd rapper is crazy, Slim Shady is (CRAZY!)
Life stinks, we don't give a fuck son, we crazy
Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy
Fuck wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy
Madd rapper is crazy, Slim Shady is (CRAZY!)

(Madd Rapper)
Yo yo, I wish I'd been aborted
My pockets got a shortage
Everything I wanna floss I can't afford it
I'm tryin' to sell a O', my pops tryin' to snort it
My daughter's babysitter is about to be deported
I'm mad 'cause I still stand in line for clubs
Mad cause my rottweiler still shits on the rugs (God Dammit Spike!)
Feeling kinda crazy now, I just might flip out
Slim Shady gave me shrooms and I might trip out, like...
(Eh... Oh... Dude... That shit's crazy man... ooh... This is incredible... oh...)
Fuck that Slim keep that for yourself
You a crazy Withe dude and you need some help, word

(Eminem)
I got a beautiful wife, kids and a gorgeous home
What would make jump in the tub with a cordless phone?
I'm straight viscious I hit you with plates and dishes
Leave you eight stitches, what I'm gay 'cause I hate bitches?
Slut don't be nice to me, I've had it with girls
And I'll still be mad at the world, even if it apoligized to me (Sorry!)
You're hearing the last thoughts of a man about to blow his fuckin' brains out
Fall back with a blood stained blouse on top of his spouse
Spread out on a blood stained couch
In front of his kids that he just killed in the same house
I'm sicker than Boy George picturin' Michael Jackson
In little boys' drawers shoppin' at toy stores **whistling**
Shady said it, Shady meant it, I stay demented
I'll throw a stroller at u, with a baby in it
Go ahead pull the plug, think I won't smack you
I just dropped a fuckin' pill mom, don't vacuum!

Life stinks, we don't give a fuck son, we crazy
Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy
Fuck wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy
Madd rapper is crazy, Slim Shady is (CRAZY!)
Life stinks, we don't give a fuck son, we crazy
Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy
Fuck wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy
Madd rapper is crazy, Slim Shady is (CRAZY!)
Slim mother fuckin' shady... all right
Missy elliot, Timbo, c'mon, yo

I'm homicidal, and suicidal, with no friends
Holdin' a gun with no handles, just a barrel at both ends
Sprayin techs at you
Until you see the fuckin' legs full of bullets holes and the exit wounds layin next to you.
Fuckin' mad dog, foamin out the mouth
Fuck mouth, my whole house is foamin out the couch
Jumped outta a 93 floor of a buildin
And shot every window out on the way to the ground (keep filmin)
Woke up to a hospital staff
Got up and laughed
Chopped 'em in half
And sufficated your oxygen mask
If I get any higher ima get the east and west beefin again
Fly back to detroit and stand in the cross-fire

(Ken Kaniff's voice) oh fuck... oh shit
I got the hotel room ready
What time are you gettin' off... work
Or shall I say
What time are you comin' over

Yo, yo, I'm only smilin' when I'm violent,
Got on the plane wylin,
Told the piolet to fly me to tylenol Island
Stewardess like "you restless?"
"No bitch, I'm rest-Full, so hold this fuckin' jet still so I can eat this pretzels"
Forget school,
The other kids are disrespectfull,
They hold me down and play connect-the-dots with my freckles
I can't take it
I'm tryin' to gain weight,
So I eat steak
And swallow the whole plate
And weigh myself, naked
Without albulms
To teach kids family values
'Cause every mom and dad should allo you to pop vaiulums
And never hit sum 1 unless you got a reason
And if there ain't a reason
Make 1 up and just start swingin'
(Announcer)
Welcome back, to the stage of history

(Eminem)
Yo... Slim Shady!
Yo... I fuckin'... I
I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww)
Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
Would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you
And force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse
You think I pulled the fuckin' ground out from underneath you
(Bitch!) I ain't a fuckin' G, I'm a cannibal
I ain't tryin' to shoot you,
I'm tryin' to chop you into pieces and eat you
Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass
And have you with open gashes just strapped to a soakin mattress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ah!)
Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis
I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket
To fill it full of explosive gases
And close it back with a lit match in it
While I sit back and just hope it catches
Blow you to fragments
Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes

Chorus: J-Black (repeat 2X)

I see the light at the end
But every time I take a step, it gets dim
Tell me is this hell we're livin' in?
If so, heaven's got to be better
But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down

(J-Black)
Am I the worst? Because I, never go to church (never)
I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse
I'ma drink till my liver rot, see the doc
Leave the E.R., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, fuck the liver spot
One day we all gon' die
But when I die, I'ma be so high
That I'ma get up and walk, leavin' the concrete bare
With the chalk outline still there
I smoke till I choke and I sex a lot
I got a cross on my chain but it's just to rock
Now if I pray everynight (night)
Do I still have to hold my tray very tight?
You feel me God? I done did so much shit while on Earth
I smoke, I drink, I curse, and to make matters worse
I bust my gun first, and then I chat with your corpse
Since way back, I was one to never like back-talk
See me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a Northface
Nickle nine at my waist, on the Lord's faith
Angels greet me but I don't reply back
Just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's Thai at?

(Announcer)
Maxi was seriously wounded but the soul still burns
Final battle, fight!

(Masta Ace)
Analyze the strength of my game, like Lee Corso
Call me a lost soul, with a vest on my torso
And of course, yo, y'all know I'm no stranger to danger
Like Christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger
I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound
And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds
My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger
Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her
Ten blocks, untie the bitch and I still bag her
Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager
My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel
My flows spill like usin' the wrong end of a funnel
Everyday I grow more older, and more colder
Fly you to Colorado, roll you over with a Boulder
I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare
Cause you fuckin' with some niggaz like this who just don't care

(J-Black)
But every time I take a step, it gets dim...
Tell me is this hell we're livin' in?
Haha...

(Announcer)
Time's up!
You lose!
(Eminem - 4x)
I'll shit on you
Da da, da da, da da

(Eminem)
I'll shit on you
I will shit on you
I'll shit on you
Girl you know its true
I'll shit on you
Bitch or man
I'll shit on you
I will shit on you

(Swifty)
I remain fatter than gluttony
Taping bombs to the back of record companies
Blow them up if they ain't want me
The National Guard, they scared to hunt me
I love beef; I got you hoes duckin me
A drug thief, bitch I'll take your marijuana
These slugs with keep your ass away from my corner
I drown niggas in hundred degree saunas
You can act a fool if you wanna (bitch)
It's this lyrical piranha
Strapped with a grenade, in the pool with your mama
Attack her by the legs then I pull her to the bottom
Twist nothin' up like a condom
Slap it if you fuckers got a problem
When I see them, you hoes ending up in a fuckin' mausoleum
Or hidden in the trunk of a black and gold BM
Pull in the garage while you screamin
Keep the motor on then I'm leaving (I'll Shit On You!)
I'll shit on you!

Chorus: Eminem

I will bajs on you I don't care who you are
(I'll shit On You!)
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
(I'll shit On You!)
Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch
(I'll shit On You!)
Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family
(I'll shit On You!)

(Bizarre)
I'm a alcoholic with the fucking toilet
Pass the hot dogs (Bizarre aren't you Islamic?)
Bitch shut your fucking mouth
I'ma keep eating till Richard Simmons comes to my house
With a chain saw to cut me out
My fuckin' wife
I haven't had sex since I met her
I'm to busy fucking, your 12 year old baby sitter
And all women ain't shit
Only good for cooking, cleaning
And sucking dick and that's it (I said it)
I was responsible for killing John Candy
I got Jonbenet Ramsey in my Ninety Eight Camry
I don't give a fuck who you are
I'll shit on anybody
Truly yours the idiotic Bizarre

(Eminem)
My adolescent years weren't shit till what I do now
I never grew up I was born grown, and grew down
The older I get, the dumber the shit, I get in
The more ignorant, the incident, is I fit in
Ignoring the shit how boring it gets
When there's no one to hit
I don't know when to quit throwing a fit
I know I'm a bit flaky but they make me
Its they who raised me and say the can take me
Its they who legs I brake and make achy
Its they who mistake me and make me so angry
(I'll Shit On You!) I'll spit on you
Start pissing and do the opposite on you
You weren't listening, I said I'll cop a squat on you
Start spilling my guts like chicken cordon blew and
Straight shit like Notorious B.I.G. did to that bitch
On his skit on his last album
Pull my pants down and...

(Kon Artist)
Is Richard Pryor still alive?
If not I'm sicker than he was prior to him dying (what?)
Born brainless, this steel ain't stainless
Your bloodstains are all over this steel god dang-it
Bitch bring it, these niggas that I hang with
Will hang you up naked by your ankles dangling
My need I stay strangling
I don't need your help
If you gon' give me the pussy
I'll un-loosen my belt (I'll Shit On You!)
I'll punch your daddy not, your mom's kinda cock
Your sister tends court, your aunt supply her rocks
Buck fifty cross your neck
Floss your teck, I'll beat you with it across your chest

(Kuniva)
It's only right I jack your car keys and run
Spent all of my advancements on weed and guns
For fun, when I'm drunk
I'll run a truck through the weed house
Jump out and beat your peeps down worst than Steve Stout
Put you in chokeholds I learned last week
From the Police man who caught me stealing weed from his jeep
(Hey, hey, hey!)
I see hoes biting, y'all don't wanna brawl
That's like D-Bo fightin Peablo Bryson (I'll Shit On You)
So what you hollering and yelling about
I'll reach in your mouth and pull your fucking skeleton out
Niggas get hit with a two piece, "Bling Bling"
With a poisonous sting
I'm such a violent thing

(Eminem)
Once I get on two, hits of X
My disk slips and disconnects
Till I walk around this bitch with a twisted neck
But still shit on the first bitch who disrespects
(C'mon, I'll Shit On You!)
Over reaction is my only reaction
Which only sets off a chain reaction
And puts five more zainiac than maniacs in action
A rat pack in black jackets who pack ten
Nine millimeters, five criminals pulling heaters
And spilling liters of blood like swimming pools
Shiesty individuals shoot at bitches too {*Bullets spray*}
A lot of people say misoginistic which is true
I can't deny it matter of fact I stand by it
So please stand by it before we start up a damn riot
If you don't wanna get stampeded then stand quiet
Boy girl dog woman man child
I'll Shit On You!

I will shit On You I don't care who you are
(Pace Won)
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up (Sing it with me!)
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up

(Az-Izz)
Yo, I'm finally convinced my kindness and innocence
Is a crime in a sense, climbing a fence
Diagonally bent, dying in agony in a magically event
Outz in a fear of family presents
Capped in clak smoke, pack toast in a black coat
To roast motherfuckers, over lactose
Stay skeed off laced weed
I take cheese, and page trees in the Bricks
Rolling box of Tracies

(Pace Won)
Call a go-go dancer
Get up in that ass and wreck shop like colon cancer
Hit it from the back, bitch can't hold her pants up
Once for my cock, twice for my block,
I got it locked like handcuffs
Pacer got a razor, get you and your man cut
Swing a blow you can't duck
Throw up your hands, what?
Nobody on earth could see Pacer
I get your shit then peel off like Speed Racer

(Slang Ton)
I hit you bastards raps fast as Janet Jackson's coochie
Your raps is half mastered, mad average, wack bologna
And if you ever wanna get a deal
You should either OD off skill pills
Or steal my reel-to-reel
Most of y'all emcees ain't tight as y'all should be when
I'm tighter than the jeans that show hoochie chicks' coochie prints
Outsidaz, we hot as Hell's flames is
And I'm Slang-iz, my tapes get pumped like twelve gauges

(Eminem)
I'm so weeded (How weeded are you?)
I'm so weeded I can freestyle for sixteen bars (Ha ha ha)
Right off the top, then go back to the top
And then repeat it (Ha)
Write it down on the paper
And still be able to read it (Sorry)
I can't read, but I still write to my pen pals (Uh, uh, dear)
I can't fly, but I still float on cement clouds (Whee!)
I can't see cause my eyes already been gouged out
I been down with the Outz for ten thou-sand years
((Pace Won) So dunn, here?)
Some weird kids with piercings in more than one ear
Lauryn, huh? Hill?
((Pace won) There's more than one? IIIllll)
What? You want me to stop? Here?

(Young Zee)
Yeah
Your girl could suck my dick chewing Big Red
Till she choke and scrape her wisdom tooth on my dick head
Puff a tray bag, Outz never pay cabs
Bust a A-rab, front on taking us up eighth Ave
Yeah, we all of the a volumes
What be the outcome?
We selling twenty million albums
Ay your record, ain't nobody buy that
You fell off, and had to take your five mic
And push a white Ac, with a bike rack

(Axe)
It's the A, the X, the E
Why pay for ass, if I can sex for free?
F' with we, what you expect to see
Death's your destiny, when it's my time for rest in peace
Bet they find my pistol next to me
My dick is giving ecstasy
Shit I say, spread like leprosy
I'm on a quest to be, the best emcee
Living recklessly, cock the weaponry
Lay you on your back like Lei Wulong from Tekken 3
Yo follow, never question me

(Pace Won)
C'mon yo
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Snuff your bitch, crush your whip, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up

Outworld baby
Its its its its its... murda!

Wait stop the questions please
I've been on my knees
Beggin these disease
To stop from killin' these
Messed up cronic crease
Of the diseased

Uh oh
Letz go slow
On the radio low
Down south where they know
How it's gonna be
I said its murda (murda!)
To me
I don't need no ****in c

(Reapeat chorus)

Reapeat the laws
Dynamite flaws
All over yaws
Dis ting ain't no joke
Just go slow
To the hip hop show
Uh oh uh oh

Datz it for me
But wait till ya see
What's next for the
Slim shady
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

Left the keys in the van, with a Gat in each hand
Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman
Fuck a peace plan if a citizen bystands
This shit is in my hands, here's your life span
And for what your life's worth this money is twice that
Grab a couple grand and lay-up in Iceland
See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan
I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin'
Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin'
Shot a man twice in the back when he tried skatin'
I want the whole pie, I won't be denied nathan
Maybe I need my head inside straightened
Brain contemplatin', clean out the register
Dip before somebody catches ya
Or gets your description an' sketches ya
Then connects you as the prime suspect
But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet
'Cause I got a daughter to feed
And $200 ain't enough to water the seed
The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell an' hit up Chess King
And have the lady at the desk bring
Money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin' the MAC
Cooperate and we can operate and save an attack
This bitch tried to escape in the jack
Grabbed her by the throat, it's Murder She Wrote
You barely heard a word as she choked
It wasn't nuttin' for her to be smoked
Then I slammed her on her back till her vertebrae broke
Just then the pigs bust in yellin' "Freeze!"
But I'm already wanted for sellin' ki's
And a bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin' bees
So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees
I bust shots, they bust back
Hit me square in the chest, I wasn't wearin' a vest...

All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

Left the house, pullin' out the drive, backin' out
(?) Backin' out, this lady's Jag started blackin' out
Pulled the MAC-10 out and stuck it in her face
Shut ya yackin' mouth before I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp
Drug her by her hair, smacked her up
Thinkin' fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up
Stole her car, made a profit
Grabbed a tape from out the deck and offed it out the window
Like the girl on Set It Off did
Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal
Drove it through somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin' pool
Climbed out and collapsed on the patio
I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though
Parents screamin', "Johnny, go in and call the police.
Tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!"
Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up
Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff
Actin' like they never seen nobody hit a (?) before
Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64
When they sell out in stores the price triples
I ran up the block jumpin' kids on tricycles
And collided with an 80-year old lady with groceries
There goes the cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties
Stood up and started to see stars
Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars
Barely escaped, must o' been some dumb-luck
Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin' dump truck
But I think somebody seen me maybe
Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I must o' dropped the Beanie Baby
Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits
Came out with a white flag hollerin' "Truce, truce!" (Don't shoot!)
Surrendered my weapon to cops.
"Wasn't me! It was the gangsta rap and the peppermint Schnopps."

All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

(Scratches to fade out)
Yo I keep m luv snug bruv
But I'm white, so I don't know no thug luv
But what you do find is thugs luv then 2time
It's a truecrime but most do it
Like should I or should'nt I arrr screw it
Then when she finds out your cheating
She gives you a raw beating for leaving
And not luvin
Then shit gets heated hotter than a hot oven
'Cause you've broken bonds
Kissed others with open tongs
Being disloyal
Like what's been planted in this soil
But this is all I've herd
How they cheat and end up dead from their bird
So if you blare a word of cheating
You havent put one foot in
You've stook both feet in
Then you start watching your back from day one
Like you got your clothes the wrong way on
But as I say
I don't know no thug luv and I'm not one like goldie (ahah)
So were did I get this shit from?
A little birbie told me
(E) = Eminem as eminem
(D) = Eminem as his mom

Here's the story... Of a little boy
Growing up in a suburban home
Tryin' to cope with everyday life
He lives in a little house
That was built in the middle of the street

(E)
Hey mom tupac's on the juke box
(D)
So what, he shot 2 cops
And raped a little girl watchin news watch
(E)
Nuh ah they were tryna frame him
(D)
You and that Tu Pac shakur
(E)
No that ain't how you say his name mom
You're so lame... Don't you know anything?
(D)
Yeah I know you probably doin' joint in a gang
(E)
Yeah right, I'm out where's my fuckin' walkman at?
(D)
Stop Cussin at me!
(E)
Shut up bitch!
(D)
Quit Talkin' Black!
(E)
Well slammed the door and I'm out
Now what? It's probably warm in the house
Fuck, I forgot my jacket
I forgot it was winter
I'm Gettin' Thinner
I'm hungry, is mom cookin dinner?
Mom let me back in I forgot my coat!
Mom come on I'm not playin' its cold!
Aight sorry I need a jacket
Mom look! My TuPac tape I just cracked it!
Mom please let me back in
It is TuPac Shakur
I just asked him!
I'm Freezing (*sneeze*) I'm Sneezing
I'm breathing to much cold air
I'm Wheezing
I ain't did nothin'
I ain't say I'm leaving
I said I'm goin' on the front porch to get something!
(*Cutting noises*)
(D)
Aight Here Take Your Damn Coat And Leave!
(E)
Fine I'll leav--Mom You Cut Off The Sleaves!

Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...(1, 2,3)
In the middle of the street

(E)
My teacher's two faced
He went to lower all my school grades
'Cause last Thursday I had a tooth ache from kool-aid
So mom kicked me out
(D)
Get Out!
(E)
All I had was my suitcase,
A shoelace, a tube sock
And a tube of toothpaste
Sometimes it was cool
'Cause I could go to a freinds
Crash there, fool around and just skip school
But other times I'd rather be home
In my own room, Alone
Beatin' my shit
And nobody would know
My little brother sucked on a bottle till he was six
So I'd hide it inside the couch and say
"I don't know where it is.."
But as soon as mom found it
I would either get grounded
Or kicked out of the house a thousand weeks
I'm still countin'!
Even when I was under age...
Mom was tellin' cops I was tryna run away...
I told her "Some day bitch, you gonna pay..."
Please mom please mom please I wanna stay...
(Let me stay!)

Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...(yo)
In the middle of the street

(E)
My brothers incoharent
Moms a single parent
Who ain't caring, Staring through me like I'm transparant
Made it clear that I was just there to run her errands
Told her friends that I was the son from her last marriage
Sent me up to the corner store with a little note
(D)
Please sell my stepson ciggarettes so I can smoke.
(E)
One time I tried to fake a stich to get attention...
Back fired and mom sent me to school with vengeance
My life is the worst thing that could ever have happened to me
I go to class and every teachers always laughing at me
Mom says "white rappers always get laughed at"
Not only that, she heard me upstairs and I can't rap
But I'm stupid
I'll never make it average or a D+
I need to sit on my ass
And just sue people like she does
One time I got food poisening from a hotdog
Mom sued and got $2000 from Ballpark
Hey mom you got a doller?
(D)
I don't Think so
Now keep an eye on your brother,
I'm Going to bingo
(E)
But mom you said... you were broke
(D)
Who said?
You got your ears messed up (awwww)
From that damn rap music

(Chorus to fade)

Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
And everyone should get along

Eminem impersonating Mr. Mackey & Eric Cartman :
Okay children, quiet down, quiet down
Children, I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day
His name is Mr. Shady
Children, quiet down please
Brian, don't throw that (Shut up)
Mr. Shady will be your new substitute while Mr. Kaniff is out with Pneumonia (He's got AIDS)
Good luck Mr. Shady



Hi there, little boys and girls (Fuck you)
Today we're going to learn how to poison squirrels

But first I'd like you to meet my friend Bob (Huh?)
Say hi Bob (Hi Bob), Bob's 30 and still lives with his mom
He don't got a job cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot
But his 12 year old brother looks up to him an awful lot

And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot
And wait in the parking lot for waitresses off the clock
When it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog
Drag 'em in the woods and goes straight to the chopping block

And even if they escaped and they got the cops
The ladies would all be just so afraid they'd drop the charge
Till one night Mrs. Stacy went off the job
When she felt someone grab hold of her face and said not to talk

But Stacy knew it was Bob and said knock it off
But Bob wouldn't knock it off 'cause he's crazy and off his rocker
Crazy good as Slim Shady is off the block, uh
You couldn't even take him to Dre's to give Bob a doctor

Grabbed Stacy by the legs and chopped them off her
And dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her
But ever since the day Stacy went off to wander they never found her
And Bob still hangs at the waffle diner

And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana and what it might do to you
So see if the squirrels want it, it's bad for you

Mr. Mackey impersonation (Eminem):
See children, drugs are bad (come on)
And if you don't believe me ask your dad (raise your hand)
And if you don't believe him ask your mom (that's right)
She'll tell you how she does him all the time (she will)

So kids say no to drugs (that's right)
So you don't act like everyone else does (uh huh)
And there's really nothing else to say (sing along)
Drugs are just bad, m'kay



My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it
Fuck no you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut (huh?)
Speaking of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels
Ecstasy, it's the worst drug in the world

If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it
Kids, two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid
And spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back
So don't get attached it'll attack every bone in your back

Meet Zach, 21 years old
After hanging out with some friends at a frat party, he gets bold
And decides to try five when he's bribed by five guys
And peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it

Suddenly, he starts to convulse, and his pulse
Goes into hyperdrive, and his eyes roll back in his skull
His back arches up, looks like the McDonalds arches
He's on Donald's carpet, layin' horizontal barfin'

And everyone in the apartment starts laughin' at him
"Hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him."
'Cause they took it too, so they think it's funny
So they're laughing at basically nothing, except maybe wasting their money

Meanwhile Zach's in a coma, the action is over
And his back and his shoulders hunched up like he's practicing yoga
And that's the story of Zach: the ecstasy maniac
So don't even feed that to squirrels class, 'cause it's bad for you

Mr. Mackey impersonation (Eminem):
See children, drugs are bad (that's right)
And if you don't believe me ask your dad (that's right)
And if you don't believe him ask your mom (you can)
She'll tell you how she does him all the time (she will)

So kids say no to drugs (smoke crack)
So you don't act like everyone else does (that's right)
And there's really nothing else to say (Uh huh)
Drugs are just bad, m'kay



And last but not least, one of the most humongous
Problems among young people today, is fungus
It grows from cow manure, they pick it out wipe if off bag it up
And you put it right in your mouth and chew it (Yum yum)

And then you start to see some dumb stuff
And everything slows down when you eat some of 'em
And sometimes you see things that aren't there (like what?)
Like fat women in g-strings with orange hair

"Mr. Shady, what's a g-string?", it's yarn Clair
Women stick them up their behinds, go out and wear 'em
And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms
Whoops did I say magic mushrooms, I meant fungus

Your tongue gets, all swole up like a cow's tongue (How come?)
'Cause it comes from a cow's dung
See drugs are bad, it's a common fact
But your mom and dad, know that's all that I'm good at

But don't be me, 'cause if you grow up and go and OD
They're gonna come for me, and I'ma have to grow a goatee
And get a disguise and hide, 'cause it'll be my fault
So don't drugs and do exactly as I don't, because I'm bad for you

Mr. Mackey impersonation (Eminem):
See children, drugs are bad (uh huh)
And if you don't believe me ask your dad (put that down)
And if you don't believe him ask your mom (you can ask)
She'll tell you how she does him all the time (and she will)

So kids say no to drugs (say no)
So you don't act like everyone else does (like I do)
And there's really nothing else to say (that's right)
Drugs are just bad, m'kay

Eminem impersonating Mr. Mackey & Eric Cartman :
Come on children, clap along (Shut up!)
Sing along children (Suck my motherfuckin dick!)
Drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad (South Park is gonna sue me!)
So don't do drugs (Suck my motherfuckin penis!)
So there'll be more for me (Hippie! God damnit!)
(Mushrooms killed Kenny!...Ewww, ah!)
(So, fucked up, right now.)
Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" Keith Murray
"Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" Keith Murray
"Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" Keith Murray
"Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" Keith Murray
"Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray
"Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray
"Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray
"Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray

(Verse One)
I'm rockin' shit, packin shit, while stackin shit
If anyone steps up askin shit, I'm blastin shit
You gone phase me, but swingin' like Peter Parker
Motherfuck the shop, I'll wreck the Goddamn barber
Forget your dreams about being with fans hugged up
You couldn't be a dope MC if you said his rhymes drugged up
I told you once, but you forget so here's a flashback
"You couldn't be shit, if you came out my asscrack"
Stop frontin kid, you know you ain't paid
And the only mic/Mike you wrecked was that kid you fought in first grade
Ain't nothin' lyrical about you but your lies
So cut the shit, cause its startin to draw flies
You're played like my five-year old's newborn toys
Don't know shit about Chicago, but I could still make Illa Noyz
Like Robin Leech I display stylish ways
That's rough like my face when I haven't shaved in days
Listen up, all these words take heed
When I cock and squeeze, no more MC's breathe (none)
I'm sick of this, here's my final dis
Fuck you dumb niggaz you ain't shit like this

"Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray
"Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray
"Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray
"Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray

(Eminem)
My Smith and Wessy got you layin in some alley messy
Got your family lookin' for your ass on Sally Jesse
We squash beef in the mo', when you ain't breathin no more
Leavin' your skull split like Steven Seagal
Let the cat out, flat out, Detroit's a mad house
So I don't get offended when I hear my city badmouthed
We quick to pull the gat out and set it
And leave you with more shit missin' than a Lil' Kim radio edit
Stick up kids be tryin' to live paid
You get your grill sprayed with twenty-seven bullets in your ribcage
Get the gauge, cock it back, empty your pockets, Jack
Or I'ma send you flyin like a rocketpack
Murder you for a bag of chips and a chocolate snack
Break into your crib still your shit and lock it back
Ten-year old kids be standin on the block with gats
Just for livin' nowadays'll get you flocked with bats
Where I'm from... yaknow what'm sayin'?, that's some old Detroit shit
Y'all wouldn't know about that shit, though. Less you come
To my city, ya know what'm sayin'? See where we live,
'Cause we shine

"Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray
"Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray
"Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray
"Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray

(Hush)
MC's put Detroit up in they rap songs
Cause without us there careers wouldn't last long
So like a generation we've been passed on
Now it's our time to shine, put your glasses on
Got these A & R's and labels with binoculars
Lookin' in, jockin us and not jockin yours
Too many groups follow trends, unoriginal
Usin' loops that transcend every bitch in you
Don't ever try to say this is a ghost town
One million rappers in this bitch, they need to slow down
Evualute the situation, all the rest are killers
Fly hoes out on Jefferson with the drug dealers
Two years in the joint, nobody's touchin Hush
Try to say you'll put us down, but your under us
Now who the fuck are you? its just coincidental
When your rhyme your even worse than the instrumental
Your just a phone-tapper with no backbone
Talkin' shit, I got a clique that only pack chrome
Have your ass gone, nowhere to run, when we hit
Next time you'll think twice of who you fuckin' wit

"Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray
"Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray
"Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray
"Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray
"Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray
"Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about this?)
"When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme" --- Keith Murray
"Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget" (what they know about this?)
Eminem: Aite
Fred Durst: Check! Slim Shady, do the mic. kid

(Eminem)
I don't do black music
I don't do Withe music
I make fight music
For High School kids
I pull side full grips
When I drive like this {screech}
With a slipped disk

From a Limp Bizkit diss
I just missed the gift list for Christmas gifts
So I get pissed and can't pick which wrist to slit
Little rich kids in cribs
Don't attempt this shit
Just step back
While I prep up to pimp this bitch
So I said to the girl, I'm like
"What up girl?"
"Shut up girl!"
And showed her a cut-up squirrel
She screamed bloody murder so loud everybody heard her
Slapped me in the mouth and called me a nutty murderer
I moved on to two blondes
And kissed 'em on a futon
{Ay yo baby!}
{What do you want?!}
I looked at 'em both and I was like
"Look, check this out toots, I'm lookin' for cookie pus"
I need to speak to 'em immediately
They played my video on MTV last week
And just when I was thinkin' I was all that and then some
In comes Fred Durst

(Fred Durst)
Yo Shady let me get some
Who knows what galaxy I came from
One where a bass drum hung from my high chair
Now I'm a nightmare
You stay right there
I got the diva
Hold the flavor of a single
See me and Shady?
I think we got a lock down
Shocked by the sound
I got you cruisin' with your top down
These two blondes
I offered 'em both a drink
And this you would think
Could get the party started
But instead them girls turned their heads
Opened up their mouths
Smelt like somebody farted
So if it's time for me to move on
Shady said the livin' room was a dance floor
So turn me loose
I was cuttin' the rug with this chick
Bumped into this dude who was drunk
And a prick
Ramblin' on about how
He was gonna kill me
Wow!
I spilled a drink on his shirt
But no- He insisted we should go
Before I could drop 'em
Shady had to clock 'em
The music stopped
The party stood in shock
So I looked around
Grabbed the cutest girl and did the smurf

Turn me loose
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
This party's goin' my way
Or no way at all
But don't you
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
This party's goin' my way
Or no way at all

(Eminem)
Turn me loose
You better tell 'em to come re-shingle the roof
Just keep feedin' me free drinks till I puke
And Fred'll ask me to lead sing in his group
I'm sick at the barn
I'm not bein' approached
'Cause Fred's over there stealin' all of my hoes
{Yo Fred save me some}
I walked up to these saimese twins
And asked to have a threesome
Told 'em two heads are better that one
Plus I respect how y'all roll together as one
Got a slap in the teeth and a kick in the groin
Stood up like "Ay wait, where you goin" {bye!}
Oh well
Three strikes and I'm out
I struck out and stood tied to the road {ouch}
I ain't tryin' no more
Fuck it- I'm chillin'
Get a shot of yable {ah}
Fell asleep on the ceiling

(Fred Durst)
Who knows what galaxy I came from
One where a bass drum hung from my high chair
Now I'm a nightmare
You stay right there
I got the diva
Hold the flavor of a single
See me and Shady?
I think we got a lock down
Shocked by the sound
I got you cruisin' with your top down
These two blondes
I offered 'em both a drink
And this you would think
Could get the party started
But instead them girls turned their heads
Opened up their mouths
Smelt like somebody farted
So if it's time for me to move on
Shady said the livin' room was a dance floor
So turn me loose
I was cuttin' the rug with this chick
Bumped into this dude who was drunk
And a prick
Ramblin' on about how
He was gonna kill me
Wow!
I spilled a drink on his shirt

Turn me loose
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
This party's goin' my way
Or no way at all
But don't you
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
This party's goin' my way
Or no way at all
Eminem
Fucking Crazy

Hi!
Oringinal bad boy on the case cover your face
Came in the place blowed and sprayed Puffy with mace
I laced your weed with insect repellent better check the smellin'
Eminem starts with an E, better check the spellin' with a capital
Sombody grab me a snapple
I got an asprin capsule trapped in my adam's apple
Sombody dropped me on my head and I'm sure that my mother did it
But the bitch won't admit it was her
I slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was six months
And said I'm ready now bitch, ain't you feelin' these kicks cunt?
The world ain't ready for me yet, I can tell
I'll probably have the cell next to the furnace in hell
I'm sicker then sperm cells with syphalis germs
And I'm hotter than my dick is when I piss and it burns
I kick you in the tummy until you sick to your stomach
And vomit so much blood that your clothes stick to you from it
Hit you in the head with a brick till you plummet
If y'all don't like me you can suck my dick till you numb it
And all that gibberish that you were spittin' you need to kill it
'Cause your style is like dying in my sleep, I don't feel it

Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me?
Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi)

Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me?
Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi)

My mic's grillin' you, staring you down with a grin to grin
I'm Eminem, you're a fag at a women's gym
I'm Slim, so Shady is really you're fake alias
To save me with in case I get chased by space aliens
A braniac with a cranium packed full of more uranium than a maniac Saudi Arabian
A highly cumbustible head, spasmatic strapped to a Craftmatic adjustable bed
Laid up in the hospital in critical condition
I flat lined, jumped up and ran for the mortician
High speed, IV full of Thai weed, lookin' Chinese
With my knees stuck together like siamese
Twins, joined at the groin like lesbians
Pins and needles hyperdermic needles and pins
I hope God forgives me for my sins
It probably all depends on if I keep on killin' my girlfriends

Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me?
Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi)

Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me?
Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi)

Last night I OD'd on rush, mushrooms and dust
And got rushed to the hospoital to get my system flushed (shucks)
I'm an alcoholic, and that's all I can say
I call in to work cause all I do is frolick and play
I swallow grenades, take a bottle of water a day
A Tylenol 3, and talk about how violent I'll be
Gimme eleven Excedrin and my head'll spin
Medicine'll get me revvin' like a 747 jet engine
Scratch my balls till I shred the skin
Doctor check this rash, look how red it's been
It's probably Aids, forget it then
I strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows
That don't even make sense, like dikes using dildos
So reach in your billfold for ten duckets
And pick up your Slim Shady shit is on rucus
Somethin' somethin' somethin', I get weeded
My daughter scribbled over that rhyme, I couldn't read it

Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me?
Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi)

Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me?
Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi)

Hi! Something's not right, I'm sorry, I'm mentally retarded
Slim shady, I think that's my name
Rucus Records, fuckin' crazy
You hear us? We're fuckin' crazy!
All of us
Hi, Bye
Night, something
Dr. Dre:
Y'all know me, still the same ol' G, but I been low-key
Hated on by most these niggas with no cheese, no deals and no G's
No wheels and no keys, no boats no snowmobiles and no skis
Mad at me 'cause I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries

Got a crib with a studio and it's all full o' tracks, to add to the wall full o' plaques 
Hangin' up in the office in back of my house like trophies
Did y'all think I'ma let my dough freeze, ho please
You better bow down on both knees, who you think taught you to smoke trees

Who you think brought you the oldies, Eazy-E's, Ice Cube's, and D.O.C.'s
The Snoop D-O-double-G's, and the group that said "motherfuck tha police"
Gave you a tape full dope beats to bump, when you stroll through in your 'hood
And when your albums sales wasn't doin' too good, who's the doctor they told you to go see

Y'all better listen up closely, all you niggas that said that I'd turned pop
Or The Firm flopped, y'all are the reason that Dre ain't been gettin' no sleep
So fuck y'all, all o' y'all, if y'all don't like me, blow me
Y'all gon' keep fuckin' around wit' me, and turn me back to the old me

Eminem:
Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got some'in to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips, just a bunch o' gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got some'in to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips, just a bunch o' gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

So what do you say to somebody you hate (What)
Or anyone tryna bring trouble your way
Wanna resolve things in a bloodier way (Yup)
Just study a tape of N.W.A

One day I was walkin' by, with a Walkman on, when I caught a guy 
Giving an awkward eye, (What you lookin' at) strangled him up in the parkin' lot with his Karl Kani's
I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not, I'm harder than me tryna park a Dodge
When I'm drunk as fuck, right next to a humongous truck in a two car garage

Hoppin' out with two broken legs, tryna walk it off, fuck you too bitch call the cops
I'm 'a kill you and them loud-ass motherfuckin' barkin' dogs
And when the cops came through, me and Dre stood next to a burnt down house
With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches, and still weren't found out (Right here)

So from here on out, it's The Chronic 2, startin' today and tomorrow's anew
And I'm still loco enough to choke you to death with a Charleston Chew (Chikka-chikka-chikka)

Slim Shady, hotter than a set o' twin babies
In a Mercedes Benz with the windows up, when the temp goes up to the mid-eighties
Callin' men ladies, sorry Doc but I been crazy
There's no way that you can save me, it's OK go with him Hailey (Dada)

Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got some'in to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips, just a bunch o' gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got some'in to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips, just a bunch o' gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

Dr. Dre:
If it was up to me, you motherfuckers would stop comin' up to me wit' yo' hands out, lookin' up to me
Like you want somethin' free, when my last CD was out, you wasn't bumpin' me
But now that I gots lil' company, everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease
But you won't get a crumb from me, 'cause I'm from the streets of (C&#x2014;C&#x2014;Compton, Compton)

I told 'em all, all them lil' gangsters who you think help mold 'em all
Now you wanna run around talkin' 'bout guns like I ain't got none, what you think I sold 'em all
'Cause I stay well off, now all I get is hate mail all day sayin' "Dre fell off"
What, 'cause I been in the lab, with a pen an' a pad tryna get this damn label off

I ain't havin' that, this is the millennium of Aftermath and ain't gon' be nothin' after that
So gimme one more platinum plaque and fuck rap, you can have it back
So where's all the mad rappers at, it's like a jungle in this habitat
But all you savage cats know that I was strapped with gats, when you were cuddlin' a Cabbage Patch

Eminem:
Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got some'in to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips, just a bunch o' gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got some'in to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips, just a bunch o' gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got some'in to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips, just a bunch o' gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
What would it take to push a man, far enough
To put somethin' material over a human life?
What would drive someone completely over the edge
To do some shit like that?
The green and gold.

I done filled my lungs up
With so much of this crack smoke
My necks bloated, my tech's loaded
I'm flat broke, and I'm pissed off
Mad at the world I've had it with girls
And I'm frustrated, ran to the bus stop
Just made it and hopped on
Ready to drop bombs on the first person
Who had a nice suit and a watch on
I spot John, a white collar worker
In clean cut, walked up to 'em
He was like, "What?"
Whatchu mean what?
You know what time it is, man
At your next stop gimme that Rolex watch
With that diamond wrist band
Got his green and his gold, dashed it,
Climbed in his van to steal it and seen
A man holdin' a nine and then
Shot him from the bottom up
Stole his keys, put 'em inside the ignition and got 'em stuck
Hopped out to flee on my feet
Fucked around, forgot that I left my ID on the seat
Royce: What? Uh
Em: The bad
Royce: Yeah
Em: The evil
Royce: Right, yo
Em: Put 'em together

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit
If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew
Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do

I am bored
I came in the diner with skateboarders, and placed orders
Ate hors d'oeuvres, and hit the waiter with plate warmers
Let you inhale the glock smell, while I'm rippin' your wallet off
And slippin' a Molotov in your Cocktail (take that)
Burnin' your contracts, punch your A&R in the face
Smash his glasses and turn 'em to contacts
I'm on some shook shit, if it's missin' I took it (whoops!)
Nurse, look at this straightjacket, it's crooked!
I go to jail and murder you from a cell
Put a knife in an envelope and have you stabbed in the mail (FedEx)
So how do you describe someone, with a decapitated head
When the rest of his body's still alive, runnin'?

Royce:
Comin' with five gunmen, waitin' to do a drive-by
So when you see the black 500 (what?) hide from it
For every hundred MC's rhymin' about birds
Only about two-thirds'd really said it without words
Yo, you ain't a thug, I can make you bitch up
Pick the fifth up, cock, spit, you would swear it's rainin' slugs (what?)
I'm the hottest shit in the industry (uh)
I got every thug on the block that get a wind of me defendin' me
You lack class and respect, get a direct backblast
The Bad and Evil mad rap, I cover the Bad half
You know how a thug in this shit'll end up
Spit a round, lift your chin up, you get hit, ten down and ten up (what?)
I take it if you run your mouth, then you wanna get sent up
Heat it up, you be leakin' blood and spittin' phlegm up
Now we rivals, 'cause of a small name or title
You stepped, got devoured and left with a flower and Bible

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit
If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew
Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit
If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew
Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do

(Eminem)
Forget a chorus; my metaphors are so complicated
It takes six minutes to get applause (yay)
And by the time you all catch on, I'ma end your career
And walk away with the whole floor so you have nothin' to fall back on
I'll throw you off of ten floors
Pull a fuckin' headache outta my head, and put it in yours (take this)
I'm indoors, waitin' for this acid to seep in my skin pores
To go outdoors and do some in-stores
This bitch wanted to blow me, I said, "It oughta happen.
You swallow cum bitch?" "No, but I brought a napkin."
Gettin' skullie while I'm autographin'
Got my daughter laughin' 'cause I sent her mother whitewater raftin'
I'm not a fact, I'ma proven fear
Mr. Rogers blocked up my U-Haul screamin',
"Wait, wait, wait, you ain't movin' here!"
Lorena Bobbitt, c'mere, want a souvenir?
I've been high as fuck, since I was a juvi-neer
Juvenile? Same difference -- I need some 'caine
'Cause I ain't sniffed since I woke up the seven slain infants
(Oh my God!) Brain implants and they say there's a slim chance
I won't stay the same 'cause I traded brains with a chimpanz'

(Royce)
Walkin' in swamp water with an M-16, out for the blood
Shove a gun in the mouth of a thug
To break braces, you say grace and make faces
I'll display hate and break you in eight places (what?)
Take paces, turn around draw in a standoff
Precise aim, icin' my fame, blowin' your hand off
Dancin' with the Devil leadin'; I won't die, I'm never leavin' (what?)
I pledge allegiance to forever breathin'
Street niggas with nuts, what? My meat's bigger (what?)
Fake-ass thugs with toy guns and cheap triggers
With a death wish, thinkin' I'm the nigga to mess with
Let the tech lift, direct chest hit, melt your necklace
For instance, you just a henchman, on tough soil (what?)
A follower never had heart, he just loyal
Thugs is glass doors, I see through 'em, put the heat to 'em
Be careful you might get what you ask for

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit
If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew
Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit
If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew
Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do

Em: The bad... the evil
The bad... the evil
Artist : Eminem
Song : Watch Deez (Feat. Thirstin Howl III)
Album : Heavy Beats Vol. One
Submitted by : Hodinem

(Thirstin Howl)
I hit harder than four men,
Landing both gloves to a low blow with no cup
Leave you Speech-less like when Arrested Development broke up
Carry a crow bar for egos that won't budge
Crack skulls, through helmets,
With the penetration of a screw, nailed in,
Return like I was sending self addressed postage
Throw bricks the size of the Stonehenge
Before battles we pour blood and toast death to wicked infants
Found on the sorceress, doorsteps,
Slaughter lamb, and boar's head
Every MC's cause of boredness and mind bondage
Bronchitis, lung failure
Language unfam-i-liar
Art through a flooded air brush
Road leave craft
Sentences joined with words holding hands
It's a tight squeeze
From where your head will be landing in exact time flight leaves.

Watch deez
Watch deez

Watch deez
Don't watch that, watch deez

(Eminem)
Who's arm is this?
I must have cut it off at the pharmacist
Who refused to renew my seventh presciption of Darvecets (Sorry)
I'm the old man who lives upstairs and starves his pets
And never leaves his house 'cause he thinks his car's possessed
I hate my life
That's why I degrade my wife
Grabbed a paper plate to make a sandwich, and just ate the knife,
My mother's screaming 'please heal and take him straight to Christ'
Meet you on the street and slap you just to break the ice
Made a bomb threat with a fake device
Strip you naked twice, pistol whip you and force you to take advice
And if you catch me bobbin' my head to some bullshit spittin'
I was probably just tryin' to shake the lice
Bugs fallin' out of my head
I'm wishin' I was dead
While I'm fallin' out of my bed
Found it red and my rash is returning
I feel the sensation of burning
Occurring usually during pain for release in my urine
Screamin' at my shadow 'please quit followin' me'
These pills keep screamin' :"please quit swoalloin' me"
The devil keeps screamin':"please get down on one knee"
Took the drugs before the cops ever found them on me.

Watch deez
Watch deez

Watch deez
Don't watch that, watch deez!
I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless
Patrolling corners
Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
I'm meaner in action
Than Rosco beating James Tarteenyer
And smackin his back with vacuum cleaner attachments
I grew up in the wild hood
As a hazardous youth
With a fucked up childhood
That I used as an excuse
And ain't shit changed
But kept the same mindstate
Since the third time that I failed 9th grade
You probably think that I'm a negative person don't be so sure of it
I don't promote violence I just encourage it
I laugh at the sight of death
As I fall down a cement flight of steps
And land inside a bed of spider webs
So throw caution to the wind
You and a friend
Can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again
Shit, why not? Blow your brain out
I'm blowing mine out
Fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now

It's only fair to warn
I was born with a set of horns
And metaphors attached to my damn umbulical cord
Warlord of rap little bastard with a two by four board
That smashed into your Honda Accord
With a 4 door Ford
But a more toward (?) droppin' an accapella
The choppa (?) fella
The mozarella
Worse than a hellacopta propella
Got you locked in the cella
With your skeleton showing
Developing anorexia
While I'm standin next to ya
Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death
With an IV in your veins
Feeding you liquid darvicet
Pumping you full of drugs
Pull the plugs
On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs
Who were picked up in an ambulance
And driven
To receiving with the asses ripped outta they pants
And given
A less than 20 percent chance
Of living
Have a possible placement
It's a hospital patient
Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement
Doctor Kevorkian has arrived
To perform an autopsy on you while you scream "I'M STILL ALIVE!"
Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp
And pulling your adams apple out through your mouth
Better call the fire department
I've hired a arson
To set fire to carpet
And burn up your entire apartment
I'm a liar to start shit (?)
Got your bitch wrapped around my dick
So tight you need a crobar to pry her apart wit

Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg
Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg
Go to bed with the keg wake up with the 40
Mixed up with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44D
Fuck an acid tab I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead
Wait until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead
No more said case closed end of discussion
I'm blowin' up like spontaneous human combustion
Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas
Cross the bombas
We blowin' up your house killing your parents
And coming back to get your foster mommas
And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus
'Cause I ain't making no more threats
I'm doing drivebys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets
I'm more or less sick in the head
Maybe more 'cause I smoked crack
Today, yesterday, and the day before sabbath
Walk the block with a labrador
Strapit more corral for war than El Salvador
Foul style galore
Verbal cow manure
Coming together like the eyebrow on Al B. Sure
"What's your favorite scary movie?"

(Em) Yo, Slim Shady!
(R5) Yo, Royce 5-9
(Em) Y'all wanna make a movie?
(R5) What...
(Em) We got the film right here

(Royce)
What?
Yeah I'm one of them pretty rappers
Buck if I really hafta, I really slap ya
King of Detroit who they namin the city after (what?)
Scandalous partners, whose grammar hammers the hard shit
Into your heart with, content, yo who wanna start with
Experts, Bad and Evil is comin' soon
MC's get stuck, head first back in they mother's womb
This shit is written, in my eyes I'm the illest MC spittin' (what?)
Leavin' all of you cats shittin kittens
I gotta diss you, my niggaz be cockin pistols
Shot and split you, fuck splittin the profits with you (what?)
Six percent, of y'all niggaz is just pretend
Clicks with clits, pussy niggaz stink with dicks (what?)
Niggaz act bully, and blast for the fast penny
My auto is fully, plenty of niggaz packin semi
Speak darts; yo you get paid? Rhymin about it is the sweetpart
You can't be street smart with a cheap heart
Five Nine, a street nigga with deep feelin' (what?)
I keep illin, my steez willin' to keep killin' (what?)
Fuck rap, a lot of y'all all is just acts
Trust that - you rhyme all wack on rough tracks
Bust and then we all black when you get bust back at
Fuck that, you get blast at, you get laughed at
And I'ma spit thunder (what?) stick to my guns
Niggaz is finished before they gimmicks, one-hit wonders
What? Big balls, that's why when I spit, your clique stalls
I'ma pit bull, I'm just dog, I'm just raw (what?)
Split y'all, holla, "It's on!" Then I diss y'all
All of y'all niggaz get pissed on claimin you pissed off

Chorus: Eminem and Royce (repeat 2X)

Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie?
Rappers comin' in with they team and carry toolies
You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me
We hard-hittin, directin and starrin' in it

(Eminem)
The one man on the planet that'll drive off of the Grand Canyon
Hop out of a Grand Am and land in it handstandin
Any man plannin to battle will get snatched out of his clothes
So fast it'll look like an invisible man standin
I'm headed for Hell, I'd rather be dead or in jail
Bill Clinton, hit this, and you better inhale
Cause any MC that chooses to go against me
Is gettin' takin' advantage of like Monica Lewinksy (Leave mealone!)
Came home in a frenzy, pushin a ten speed
Screamin to Aunt Peg (AUNT PEG!)
With three spokes stickin out of my pant leg
Fuck a headache, give me a migraine
Damnit I like pain (Ah!)
And you should be anywhere that I might gain
You rap knowin' you wack
You act up and I'm throwin' you down a flight of steps
Then I'm throwin' you back up em
If they don't like the track, fuck em
The rap struck 'em harder then gettin' hit by a Mack truck
And then backed up on
And any half-assed known rapper to trespass
Better be ready for the second Celebrity Deathmatch (Ding! Ding!)
So tell the medic to bring the medication and quickly (Hurry upman!)
I'm sicker than a Tupac dedication to Biggie
I'm free-fallin' feet first out of a damn tree
To stampede your chest till you can't breathe
And when I'm down to my last breath
I'ma climb the Empire State Building and get to the last step
And still laugh half bent

(Em) Bad... the bad...
(R5) Uh, when the bad meets the bad... yo...
(Em) The evil
(R5) Take the evil with the evil
(Em) Put 'em together
(R5) What? Nine-nine
(Em) Two times... Slim Shady... Royce the Five Nine
Yo... yo! (* Eminem hachs up spit *)
Mic check... (My dick!)
Testing... one, two (* Eminem hach-spits on mic *)
Ffff-fuck... (My dick!) My nuts...

My attitude is worse than NWA's was
I'll battle you over stupid shit and diss people
Who ain't have shit to do with it, like Cool J does (My tattoo!)
You see me standin outside of your buildin; screamin,
"Puffy is good, (HEY!) but Slim Shady is for the children!" (WAIT!)
I look at my life in a new light -- fuck it
Give me two mics; I write songs for me -- fuck what you like
You're probably hear me rap half-hearted; 'cause I don't like rap anyway
I'm just tryin' to get my porno career started
Every place and event... +Been There, Done That+
Shit, Dre stuck me in a suitcase when he went
(* Zipper sound *) "Come on, let's go!"
Want a deal? Study these 5 chapters
Lesson One: Throw demos as hard as you can at signed rappers
Lesson Two: Face 'em and diss 'em (whattup dog?)
Don't give 'em a demo; kidnap 'em (I want you to come with me)
And make 'em come to your basement and listen
(You're gonna fuckin' check this out)
Lesson Three: Get a job at a label; switch demos with Canibus
And put yours on the owner's table (here listen!)
Lesson Four: 'Know you heard this before'
"Hey let me get your number; I'll call you tomorrow, for sure!"
Don't act like a fan -- you wanna get signed?
Get the whitest A&R you can find
Pull him aside and rap as wack as you can
Lesson Five: Get a hook-up at Jive
Dress up like I.C.P. and have them come see you perform live
And that's the key, but when you see me on the street; I ain't
Givin' you shit bitch - don't even bother askin me (get away from me)
Toilet water splashes me right in the ass when I'm spittin'
'Cause I'm always shittin when I'm rappin' like Master P (UNNNGGGGH!)
Got a blowjob from Paula Jones, and stuffed it so far in her mouth
My balls broke both of her collarbones (OWW!)
Told Mya this shit was all about me-ah ("It's all about me..")
Gave Alyssa Milano syphillis, mono and gonorrhea ("You're a dick!")
And all three of my main girls said SEE-YA
Cause Brandy and Monica walked in and caught me fuckin' Aaliyah
(What? Oh my God!) I splish splash while I'm takin' a bath
Grab a handful of pills, break 'em in half, take 'em and laugh
White trash -- fuckin' your wife in the ass ("Oh! Ooh Shady! Ooh!")
While you're out siphoning gas for your lawnmower to cut the grass

So if I hurt your self-esteem
And you get dissed too bad (Yo why you diss me?)
You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad
And when I rap about a buncha shit you wished you had (A big dick!)
You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad
"I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad!"
You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad
"He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad!" (Nurse! Nurse!)
You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad

What a wonderful day; I should go outside and play
Ain't no need to sit inside the house and hibernate
Hi Renee! (Oh hi!) I was just about to toss a live grenade
In your driveway (WHAT?) and drive away (* car peels out *)
Are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with AIDS
Blood drippin from it, rippin your stomach like a paper mache
You talk a lotta shit, but you was never ill though
I'm sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow
Tipped over some cows, just for a joke and a laugh (MOOOOO!)
Jumped up, choked a giraffe, snapped his neck and broke it in half
Wagin wars, went on stage and sprayed Cage with +Agent Orange+
And wiped my ass with his page in Source (Here!)
The demon is here, steamin this year
I rip (*Mystikal's*) voicebox out, scream in his ear (Ah!)
It's not a gimmick bitch, it's an image I live it
Give a fuck? I don't know what a fuck is to give it
"Yeah I don't think this guy is well.." I'm high as hell
I'll beat you with a live cat when I'm swinging him by his tail

(* Impersonating Method Man *)
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin'
Lay your nuts on the dresser
Just your nutsack by itself
And bang them shits with a spiked bat
Cut your neck off and sew your head right back
And leave you like that

You just triggered the prick who just mixed liquor
Who's itchin to leave you disfigured and stiffer than Chris-topher
Reeves, I was teething with strep throat
While your mother was breastfeeding
And gave her the flesh-eating disease
I'm iller than takin' a hammer and beatin' your knees
And walkin' through South Central L.A., bleedin in jeans
(Am I a Blood or a Crip?) Wakin' up the next day in breathin machines
Flashin back to being shot and repeatin the scenes
On how you just got smoked, and if you do live
You'll be too scared to tell it, like a Biggie and 'Pac joke

So if I hurt your self-esteem and you get dissed too bad
You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad
And when I rap about a fat bitch that you wished you had
You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad
"I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad"
You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad
"He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad"
You know I just be sayin' that to get you mad

I know that makes you real mad, don't it? (uh-huh)
That's right, Slim Shady (yup) Sway and Tech
Sprayin wreck (bitch)
And we don't give a heck (uh-uh)
Or a damn... or a fuck... or a shit
So suck my motherfuckin dick
A shimmy shimmy go go motha fuckin' pop
It's the K-K-Kid Rock with the K-K-Kid Rock shit
I'm on top bitch and rock for tricks
Hella whips and nips and flip trips for whips
I get all the money pussy falls like rain
Been gettin' laid and paid that's why I never complain
If I ain't in it for the money I'm in it for the P (or is it D)
It's 1998 yo and you still can't fuck with me
You don't be fuckin' with the blue eye
Fuckin' with my 2-5 up your fuckin' ass like my shoe size
I got a new vibe, kinda like Voodoo
You do what we say and we'll do what we want to
We're fuckin' up your city and we're fuckin' up your progam
Fuckin' all your bitches we can fuckin' give a goddamn
Twisted Brown gets down with no assistance
We won't quit until we're banned from existence
Persistance pays if that holds true
Then I'm gonna buy this fuckin' planet before the time I'm through
I was praised and raised on the thoughts of no takings
So let me get what I got comin' and the rest I'm fakin'
I'm shakin' like Jerry Lee Lewis and shit
You act like the motherfucker's new at this shit
But I've been true to this shit given' my heart and soul
Been shinin' like a diamond but gettin' passed as coal
So Fuck Off
Yeah

With my pants half hangin' off my ass and shit
Bowl filled hash pockets stuffed with cash
I be the mushroom trippin' sippin' shots of Jack
'Cause the kids don't listen gettin' lots of flack
I be the do wa diddy up and down you block and
The 10 karat Kid with my triggers cockin'
The K the I the D R-O-C K motherfucker and you still don't know me
So blow me bitch I don't rock for *Edited*
I rock for the cash and the topless dancers
Don't have no answers so pass the joint
I'm just paid in full and made in Detroit
I ride like Setta in the Indy 5
And get live with that which get's me high
Strive for perfection this much is true
We do what we say you say what we do
Kid Rock I couldn't be no Bozo
And I get too much nina
*Edited* and my glock rolls solo to Arizona
I'm an easy rider dreamin' of Wynonna
I roam the country like a Greyhound bus
Put faith in lust and in God I trust
I'm not Peter Pan I don't fuck with fairies
But I bust more rhymes than virgin cherries
And Harry Carey couldn't call my game
Fucked so many hoes I'm in the hall of fame
And I show no shame from coast to coast
I don't mean to brag, but I like to boast
Fuck Off
Yeah right in your mother fuckin' ass bitch
With that Detroit city shit ain't shit swift we're on the same script
Nothing new since 76 Kid Rock
Yo Slim Shady come break these mother fuckers off

(Eminem)
Yo tell the world to hold their breath they're breathing the wrong air
This planet belongs to me and this hippy with long hair
Two Withe boys who spike punch and light joints
Hang around drugs loud music and like noise
Slim Shady and Brown Trucker another bunch of mother fuckers
Who hate the world as much as each other
And I ain't leaving this party tonight
Till I see some naked bitches dancin' around drunk touchin' each other
Rum and Pepsi got your whole perception of me sketchy
'Cause when I stage dive people are scared to catch me
'Cause all I do is curse and fuck
So when I do 'shrooms you all better give me two rooms
'Cause I'm fuckin' the first one up
So when you see me on your block you better lock your cars
'Cause you know I'm losin' it when I'm rappin' to rock guitars
This is for children who break rules
People that straight fool
And ever single teenager that hates school

Fuck Off
Yo check this out! In life, you got your want to be's
You got your going to be's, and you got your has been's
Then you got your hustlers and hardcore

(Domingo)
Oh a line with fakes a time
Fresh time, with sure more times
Jimminy two time respect mine
Big click with breakfast and blacklist
War! War! War! War!
Vision, knocking you out motherfucker listen
Superstition can help you in this battle
G's and sandles who surround you in all the angles
All over your shit in shamble
Looking the little of latter you fucking runt

Hustlers! Hustlers and Hardcore!
Giving you more than what you asking for!

(Domingo)
Danger hander
Banging swinging banner all single hander
Hit the left propaganda
Ill manner bad grammar stander
Got the people chasing with cameras by the manner
Hit and slap us, so pajamas
Hiding under clothes in dirty hampers
Happy brands will make them happy campers
Little laughter
Shit nappers

(Eminem)
I'll puke eat and freak you
Battle, I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
Would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you
And force feed you them both and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I lift you off your feet so fast with a round house
You'll think I pulled the fucking ground out from underneath you
I ain't no fucking g, I'm a canibal
I ain't trying to shoot you, I'm trying to chop you into pieces and eat you
Rap you in rope and glass, strapped to a soakin matress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers
Fuck the planet until it spins on a broken axis

(Domingo)
Aw yeah {*echoes*}
(King Tech)
One two, one two
We dedicate this one to the hip-hop culture y'all
Brought to you by the world famous Wake-Up Show!

(RZA)
Bobby Steels, Staple' tails, MC's get your lips stapled
Project Killa Hill is stamped on the map like the compass
Sacred sword play tongue-twist, piercin holes in you
You can't escape, 70,000 kilowatts blast through your box
Woke with alarm clocks, cars drivin' slow down the block
One stopped, parks pops his true-a fancy a shag wee burners

(Tech N9NE)
When I woke up, I got the mic and never chocked up
Busted a verse and all the G's in Cali loc'ed up when I was summoned
Styles were mixed like the Drummonds, Killer Clown is comin'
Look around, your town is crumblin'
This Big Tech from the midwest, leavin' MC's lipless
On the Wake-Up Show, make up no, stories about my shake-up flow
Put me off in a cipher? Partner, you can't fuck with the sniper
Your flow's premature, clean your dirt diaper
Mic heister, psycho, alpha-schizo
Hypno, chryo-gat flow, guru and ain't nobody tighter
Sway and Tech heard me flow and it's sealed
Now I got Swedish women yelling, "Tech N9NE's filled!"

(Eminem)
This place is my house, I might as well erase my face with white-out
'Cause y'all can't see me, like Mase's eyebrows (where you at?)
Climbed out of a nice house,
Through the front window and heard this guy shout,
"Hey that's my couch, bitch!"
Pull a nine out during a rhyme bout
While I'm rippin' this shit, put a clip in it spit five rounds
And murder you hos worse than flippin' a convertible
Nose first with the top off landin' upside-down
You're tied down and duct-taped, fuck rape
I'd rather just hump a slut's leg with my nuts shaved
And Sway and Tech, two disk jockeys
Breakin' so many friggin' needles I wonder if they inject

(Xzibit)
Lo and behold, better than platinum and gold
Yes God bless success, never forsake your soul
Xzibit take control, locked, loaded, and ready to roll
Play the upper hand, a man that's never gon' fold
'Cause your tape sucks, find a new hobby that you can take up
Or listen to my niggas Tech and Sway so you can wake up
The X-man, catch me doin' drills in the Danger Room
Big game hunting, from high noon to the full moon

(Pharoahe Monch)
With synonyms, I get an adrenaline rush
From minimum thrusts, bust multiple assaults in small interims
As horrid as Borris Kolaf was
When I cut your neck, leave a little piece of flesh
So the head won't fall off, hauled off, sawed off shotgun blast,
He asked why did he have to die like cast metal?
O, huh, C now like Omar Credle
We pone pedal at a high resolution
On the Wake-Up Show with Sway, Tech and DJ Revolution

(Kool G Rap)
I sway the tech with the Tech and Sway
Step away, wet and spray, rep the day
Who over debt to pay get swept away
Across the whole board like checker play
When I blaze your whole sect arrays
Wake-Up Show for those slept away
Niggas meet the tray, hit the deck and pray
DJ Revolution, spinnin' like lead from out the heck-AK
Tearin' your neck away, flood up the street with bloody decora'
Until the head of jake investigate

(Jayo Felony)
What? Sway can give it to you, but whatcha gon' do with it
Tech can give it to you, but whatcha gon' do?
Rev can give it to you, but whatcha gon' do with it
I can give it to you, wha wha wha what what!

(Chino XL)
Yo, yo Chino makes the world go 'round
Fuckin' up entire record companies like Harrel did to Motown
Vominous talk, poison pen, hominous walk
What flow will I destroy with this time, the most commonest thought
The drama that's brought, caught us in a midst of sibling rivalry
For instance, there's nothing in existence that can survive with me
Clone me like sheep, I clean house like Tony Rand-all
With style filed for sexual harassment like Tisha Camp-bell
You're whack like Will Smith, your rhyme style is pansy
I fuckin' murder your young style like JonBenet Ramsey
Now who the master to beg? Your demo gets passed on the reg
You shouldn't have been signed if you had a white cast on your leg
I'm Wake-Up Show reppin' with Sway and Tech
My tec's like Tekken, the industry weapon
I'm Chino X, bring KRS in

(KRS-One)
De de de de de de da di day, KRS-One comin' with the Tech and Sway
Yo, I rock up the littlest set, and on the biggest set
As ill as it gets I still manage to wiggle your neck with sweat
Never forget, the bigger the budget, the bigger the debt
You gotta be willin' to rock in the middle of dry and in the middle of wet
But I'm willin' to bet, on a Sway & a Tech
They stay in effect, never been a pain in the neck, they gainin' respect
Nevertheless I wreck you, now you know what Sway and Tech do
I'll be back but for now just sackle!
Fresh, for 99 you suckas
(Missy) Slim Shady (4X)

(Eminem)
Well I do pop pills, I keep my tube socks filled
Pop the same shit that got Tupac killed
Spit game to these hoes, like a soap opera episode
And punch a bitch in the nose, till her whole face explodes
There's three things I hate: girls, women and bitches
Smack bitches that walk up, and drop-kick midgets
Call me Boogie Night, the stalker that walks awkward
Stick figure, with a dick bigger than Mark Wahlberg
Comin' through the airport, sluggish, walkin' on crutches
Hit a fuckin' (*pregnant chick*) in her (*stomach*) with luggage
It's like a dream I can't snap out, I black out, and back out
Lookin' for some other thug, to beat the crap out
I'm bringin' you rap singers two middle fingers
I flip you off in French, then translate in English
Then I'ma vanish off the face of the planet and come back
Speakin' so much Spanish, Pun can't even understand it

(Missy) Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ... Slim Shady
(Shady) Yeah
(Missy) Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ... Slim motherfuckin Shady
(Shady) Yeah
(Missy) Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ... Slim Shady
(Shady) Yeah
(Missy) Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ...

(Eminem)
I had a huge attitude, started off staticky
Mad at you, had you mad at me automatically (one more time)
I'm not a commodity, I'm an oddity
Who oddly enough developed himself a Halloween following
It's so big, if I counted up all the freaks who follow me
I'd probably owe Ozzy Osbourne an apology
College girls, live in an alcoholic's world
Full of earl, head twirls every time the toilet swirls *flush*
Covered in throw-up, and I refuse to grow up
I won't budge, I still tell a grown-up to shut up (SHUT UP!)
I made this rap game suspenseful, cause now I got a impulse
To give you insults wrote with a pencil (bitch)
And waste the paper on you, choppin down the oakwood
Cause everything that you wrote in your notebook was no good
And as long as I stay in the studio and keep cuttin'
You motherfuckers are puttin' your words together for nuttin

(Missy) Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ... Slim Shady
(Shady) What's the deal?
(Missy) Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ... Slim motherfuckin Shady
(Shady) Yeah... who?
(Missy) Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ... Slim Shady
(Shady) What's the deal?
(Missy) Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ...

(Missy)
Turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors
We gon' get high, we gon' roll to Vegas
Me and Slim Shady, on some shit daily
What you want what you got is it hot? (Is it hot?)

Turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors
We gon' get high, we gon' roll to Vegas
Me and Slim Shady, on some shit daily
What you want (yo) what you want (yo) ah uh yo

"A person from another planet might disagree with you"
"Well if you want my opinion, it comes from right here on Earth"

(Eminem)
Slim Shady... Misdemeanor...
Timbaland... Slim Shady...
Misdemeanor...

I'm homicidal, and suicidal with no friends
Holdin' a gun with no handle, just a barrel at both ends
Sprayin tecs at you until you see your fuckin' legs
With the bullet holes and the exit wounds layin next to you
(Ah!) Fuckin' mad dog, foamin at the mouth
Fuck mouth, my whole house, is foamin at the couch
Jumped out of the 93rd floor of a building
And shot every window out on the way down to the ground (KEEP FILMING!)
Woke up to a hospital staff, got up and laughed, chopped 'em in half
Suffocated the oxygen mask
Shit if I get any higher, I'ma get the East and West beefin again
Slide back to Detroit and stand in the crossfire

(Missy)
Y'all better call the police 'fore I kill this track
Don't shoot Missy! Get back
Uh, I'ma put you all in the line
Uh, and I'ma watch you MC's die
Yo mommy, mommy, Missy done lost her mind!
I think somebody done pissed her off this time!
Yo, I'ma have to bust you through your chest and
Uh, you will have to clean up the mess (uh-huh)
It's rainin rainin and it's pourin loud
Never fear, cause pissy Missy's through the crowd
Uh, I hear the gats go cha-pow
Who shot me damnit? Bitch get down
Don't walk when I talk, I never talk when I smile (uh-huh)
Lay 'em on down, like they lived underground (uh)
For the sound, that me and, Timbaland, we found
Get your ass, kicked later, or get your ass, kicked now

Uh... one-two
Misdemeanor, Slim Shady
Timbaland, motherfucker
Uh uh uh
Cool, cool, cool
Triple zero
Eminem: Shady, that's me
Mr. Eon: Iron Mic Trilogy
Erik Sermon: Back with the flyest material
Eminem: Sh-Sh-Shady, that that, that's me
Mr. Eon: Iron Mic Trilogy
Erik Sermon: Back with the funky beats

Mr. Eon:
Packin' this third eye vs. you, a cyclopse
They trade in their high tops for nice sized white rocks
Words in my right, they pass my left ear
It's solid decked out, write the books for next year
Bear this grenade you got stun like virgin
Who that cat splurgin' instead of rehearsin'?
Tough guy, DJ Travi your high rise
Lookin' more like Ronald then the fuckin' fry guys
Go on uptown, fucking se&#xF1;oritas
In Taco Bell screaming, "Viva gorditas!"
Bring all your dogs, I give 'em rabies
They never had a chance, I might chew up all their babies (waaah)
Got Pope John Paul the Second prayin' to Satan
Have your vegan girlfriend cooking up bacon
I'm obituite with that shit that you hit
Smoke my spliff with ya 'cause spina bifida?

Eminem:
My nine is lifting ya six feet when I spray rounds
Hit you with 12 shots in mid-air and four more on the way down
The eight straight strays to a kid's hair on the playground
You lay down on a stretcher (Don't get carried away now!)
No pun intended, snapped out of your whip
And leave it unattended before I whip out this gun and end it
Unless you want it dented with bullet holes any minute
'Cause I can leave your Infinite full of those even if someone's in it
Snap the airbag, hit the corner and park it
You cornered a market, I got her tied up in the chair and gag
Bitches get smacked and grabbed by the hair and dragged
Like cave women, while I'm grave diggin' with Marilyn Man's

Mr. Eon:
If you got a bowl of hash, better cash it
Dollar signs flashin', I'ma take your last hit

Eminem:
And if you're spittin' whack shit on the microphone
I'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast I'm gonna detach it

Mr. Eon:
So if you got a bowl of hash, you better cash it
Dollar signs flashin', I'ma take your last hit

Eminem:
I'm flabbergasted off two tabs of acid
Threw my baby's mother in a knapsack and latched it

Mr. Eon:
Yo, yo, "Eon's whack now," how you dig that?
Couldn't get on my record if you were street rap
Get the greater rate with these rhymes I be totin'
Let's go back online and jerk off on your modem
I got stupid mucus from these loose lips
My loose leaf leave your whole persona weak
To the point that you stand up on your feet, best retreat
Best go back in time and steal my whole seed
The quickening, did a briss at the christening
I'm exercisin', to uplifting the foot stage
This thing's the nicest, I keep tellin' you
What the fuck this guy on the corner been sellin' you?
(Here buy this)

Eminem:
I'm e-mailing you at the wrong website
Mispelling you, break you and put the fear of Hell in you
Escape Bellevue you, stuffed the nurse in a purse
Disperse like I added too many words in a verse
Slim Shady, a perverted version at birth
Driving off, leaving the murdered virgin at church
The first person who searchin' the Earth for the motherfucker
That pulled the plug when they should of alerted the surgeon first
You throwin' curves and hit with your own words
Leave me alone bitch, I get on my own nerves
And if I don't got two balls and a middle finger to throw up
I'm takin' off both shoes and stickin' each middle toe up (fuck y'all)

Mr. Eon:
If y'all got a bowl of hash, better cash it
Dollar signs flashin', I'ma take your last hit (gimme that)

Eminem:
And if you're spittin' whack shit on the microphone
I'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast I'm gonna detach it

Mr. Eon:
So if you got a bowl of hash, you better cash it
Dollar signs flashin', I'ma take your last hit

Eminem:
I'm flabbergasted off two tabs of acid
Threw my baby's mother in a hatch-back and latched it

Eminem:
Any disease out there, I'm willing to catch it
Slim Shady, all praises to the High and Mighty

Eminem: Slim Shady, naughty rotten rhymer
Mr. Eon: Mr. Eon, illest rhyme dropper
Eminem Slim Shady, naughty rotten rhymer
Mr. Eon: Mr. Eon, illest rhyme dropper
Eminem: Slim Shady, naughty rotten rhymer
Mr. Eon: Mr. Eon, illest rhyme dropper
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady

(Ahem. Excuse me! Can I have the attention of the class for one second?)

Hi, kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah-yeah-yeah!)
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?)

My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin' to get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Umm...)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!"
Uh-uh! "Then why's your face red? Man, you wasted!"

Well, since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else
'Cause I hung my original self, from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off, and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard, I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross

I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch, who sat down too fast
C'mere slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg!)
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off!

Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady

My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser
Chased him with a stapler, stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Ow-w-w-w!)

Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
Extra-terrestrial, running over pedestrians
In a spaceship, while they're screamin' at me, "Let's just be friends!"

Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out, my mom does more dope than I do (Damn!)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doin' drugs and name it after her (Oh, thank you!)

You know you blew up when the women rush the stands
And try to touch your hands like some screamin' Usher fans (Ahh! Ahhhhh!)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole!'

Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady

Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate!
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that!)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive (Huh, yup!)

Am I comin' or goin'? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops!)

Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (Hahh-too)
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere)
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How ya gonna breastfeed me, mom?! You ain't got no tits! (Waah, wahh!)

I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
Put a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang!)
I'm steamin' mad, (Arrhh!) and by the way when you see my dad (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had

Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Who?) My name is...
(Huh?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady

As heard on: Curtain Call: The Hits

My English teacher wanted to have sex in junior high, the only problem was, my English teacher was a guy

Extra-terrestrial, killin' pedestrians, rapin' lesbians, while they screamin' "Let's just be friends!
(Shabaam Shadeeq)
Of course I rap till I'm hoarse
Add the sauce to them dry turkey MC's
Say what you like, I toss
In theory when you hear me
Like the guts of the Dutch
Snap caught you in the act like Vivitar
AF 2-5-5 auto-focus clear vision
Precision mics for people of all types
Call the cavalry
My brutality switch the pitch gradually
Aqua turntable knocka
Fresh like binocca
Jot the thoughts in my chronicles
Remarkable styles Shadeeq taxed it
Make an exit to spark mine
Nuclear physics with cannibals and phat rhymes
They know the time like it's a sundial, X-File

(Eminem)
Went to bible class with a gun
Blasted a nun
Fuck hell, Satan sent my ass to the sun
I wasn't born I was hatched
And dumped in the trash
With a note attached saying
Someone please whip this brat's ass
I never gave a rat's ass or a flying fuck
Driving drunk in a fire truck with the siren stuck
Slammin' the brakes
Skiddin out 'cause the tires suck,
Went to pull you off my dick
And got the pliers stuck
You better run 'cause I'm probably the only one
Crazy enough to shoot your ass with a knife
And stab you with a gun
I like fire, you might see me start it
I'm slightly retarded
I miss my sanity since the night we departed

(Skam)
Oldworlddisorder on some outnumbered shit
We rather go outta control then to be under it
Yo, how you goin' against us
When we got nothin' to lose?
Must be confused
Prayin' to a god that don't excist
That wouldn't save yo bible kissin' asses
Even if he did
We like to twist the misted
Genetick dead end
Don't got friend
Skam is chatter man
Posin childeren for depression
Stressin ANY language
Say my name IN SPANSIH
(That's EL CHUPACABRA!)
Suck the life outta you-ou
There won't be enough of your brain left
To fill a tea spoon
We two vanishin man that make the bad things blend
And probably go platinum on the day that the world ends

(Kwest)
When it comes to beef
I get relieved when I kill it brief
Send you a reef
Get your family ready for grief
I knock your teeth
Take a seat like a thief
Make a change of release
Burn or leave before you go beneath
Rappers I kill em
Down is to hell is where I send them villain
My plan is illin so much I need some peniculine
Cats is spillin 'cause I'm down here
Kickin shit that's solitaire
You crown is rip
Cause rapper you sound counterfeit
You get a round of clips
If you play hard
You stay scarred
Thinkin' of graveyard
You're in a caveyard
One in the mill
Son I'm ill when it comes to skills
Wanna get killed and catch a dum dum in your grill
Rappers demenishing is I get to the finish
I'm speaking English
While your brothers is speaking in gibberish
You touch a mic and
I'm out to burry your fingers
You want some fame?
I'll beat you up in front of Jerry Springer
So pay the price
Say the nice
When I pay the dice
I take your life
Slay it twice before your arrive

(A.L.)
Them cats who ride are feminine,
I'm singin' this without,
The benefit sense of cinnamon,
So submit it in your mental
Since you find it essential to sub the sentence
In sentence
This sentence is simple
You banned from using writing utinsels
Wether cry line, crayon pen or pencil
Observe verse with syntax
That causes skin cracks on impact
Send a rap shot before I spark back
And then send them whack men
Way back to the lab to add what most of them lack
I can hand you a manual of what I plan to do to you more tangible,
You still wouldn't understand the full concept
It slips through your fingers like sandgranuals
Skam will land, and we'll hand
And a blue sea anually
And you will see which animal me,
And fifty of us spittin' up that written stuff
It's all the same and
Is the reason for cyphas prematurely spittin' up
Ironic, phonic flow fo
Sho my flow is far from enbionic
To be honest when I'm on the chronic antibiotic
I'm beyond it!
The texure of my lecture is complex like a professor's
Scepticals think I'm exceptional when I bless sound recepticals,
What runs through my vest
To be turns crews to vegetables
Then grab my testicals and cup em
Fuck em, let's see whose fucked!
The Wild... Gotham
The Wild... West {*BANG BANG, BANG*}
Ha ha, riiiiide...

(Dr. Dre)
All you see is the sun, reflectin off of the gun
I'm ready for the showdown, that go down at one
Sweat on my brow, let's settle it now
I'ma show you how real cowboys get down
I'm polishin gold, waitin for this drama to unfold
I got a {blunt} rolled
Feelin' bold, gangsters blood runs cold
It's time to reload this old .45 colt
The wind's gusty, it's hot, muggy and dusty
Bust a couple shots, make sure I'm not rusty
It's passed noon, he should be here soon
Sip a little moonshine inside a saloon
All of a sudden I can hear the sound of hoofs
Sounds like a thousand wolves
I cock back, put the toast in the holster and froze
I pose like a poster, he's closer than close
I hold the heat sturdy, I heard he fight's dirty
But I'ma put thirty inside him and leave early
And just when I went to fill him with hot lead
I put the gun to his head, and this is what he said

(Eminem)
You never met me, and you'll probably never see me again
But I know you - the name's Slim - you want revenge?
Then don't shoot, I'm in the same boots as you
I'm tellin' the truth, I got a price on my head too, 'cause when you...

Chorus: {unknown singer}

You ride like a cowboy toward the sun
And life ain't fun, when you're on the run
Got your gold and you got your gun
But life as an outlaw just begun
Got your shotgun by your side
Got your horse and you got your pride
You ride till there ain't no place to hide
It's sad cause the bad guys always die

(Dr. Dre) + (Eminem)
He was "Shady," I seen by the look on his face
He said take ten paces {shit} I took eight
Spun around and I aimed straight for the brain
My {shit} went bang but it only fired a blank, he said
(You need bullets, hurry up run!) {*imitating Slick Rick*}
I put a clip in the gun, and pointed at his lungs
We both drew at the same time and stood stunned
(Go ahead, shoot me, but I'm not the one you want)
I figured he was tellin' the truth, that's why I didn't shoot
So what we gon' do, it's on you
(Do you recall when you and Snoop was a group?)
The Chronic!
(Well all we gotta do is find a map to part two)
(And plus I know who's got it)
Who?
(Some old dude, he's got 26 plaques and he already sold two)
Loaded up my saddle, got ready for battle
Hid two pieces of gold inside of my saddle
We rolled two miles until we hit the spot
An old ghost town that everybody forgot
A place where they used to smoke chronic a lot
Slim grabbed the shotgun (Dre here's the plot)

(Eminem)
This is the spot, they call him Doc Loveless
He's goin' around sayin' he took the game from us
(Let's shoot him in his kneecaps, he'll never see it comin')
But he ain't got no legs, they cut 'em off at the stomach
He's got mechanical legs, he spins webs
Plus he's well respected by the hip-hop heads
Our mission - is to get him to stop layin eggs
And we can put him on his back down a flight of steps

(Dr. Dre)
I drew two guns, spun them on my fingers
Kicked the swingin' doors in, started gun slinging
I could hear somebody singin' - it sounded like a "G Thang,"
And a verse from "Keep Their Heads Ringin"
I said "It's Dre's Day," and started to spray
Against 1800, he pulls a AK
Hollow tips started flyin every which way

(Eminem)
That's when I seen Dre in trouble and came with the gauge
I fired the first shot, spun his body around
He hit the ground and landed upside down
Dre grabbed the map, the plaques and the gold
I grabbed two girlies and a {blunt} that's rolled

Always die...
The Wild... Gotham
The Wild... West {*BANG BANG, BANG*}
Ha ha, riiiiide...
Still on? 
Yo, is the mic on? 
Check, check, check 
Alright, let's do it 
Let's go, come on 
(Eminem, Eminem, Eminem)
America
(Background: The white zone is for 
 loading and unloading of passengers only. No parking.)
We love you 
How many people are proud to be citizens
Of this beautiful country of ours?
The stripes and the stars for the rights that men have died for to protect
The women and men who have broke their necks for the freedom of speech 
the United States Government has sworn to uphold
Or so we are told
(Yo, I want everyone to listen to the words of this song)

I never would have dreamed in a million years I'd see
So many motherfuckin' people who feel like me
Who share the same views and the same exact beliefs
It's like a fuckin' army marchin' in back of me

So many lives I've touched, so much anger aimed
at no particular direction just sprays and sprays
Straight through your radio waves it plays and plays
Till it stays stuck in your head for days and days

Who woulda thought standin' in this mirror bleachin' my hair
With some Peroxide reachin' for a T shirt to wear
That I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this?
How could I predict my words would have an impact like this

I must've struck a chord with somebody up in the office
'Cause Congress keeps tellin' me I ain't causin' nothin' but problems
And now they sayin' I'm in trouble wit the government, I'm lovin' it
I shoveled shit all my life and now I'm dumping it on

White America, I could be one of your kids
White America, little Eric looks just like this 
White America, Erica loves my shit 
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get 

White America, I could be one of your kids
White America, little Eric looks just like this 
White America, Erica loves my shit 
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get 

Look at these eyes baby blue baby just like yourself
If they were brown Shady lose Shady sits on the shelf
But Shady's cute Shady knew Shady's dimples would help
Make ladies swoon baby (Ooh baby) Look at myself

Lets do the math, if I was black I woulda sold half
I ain't have to graduate from Lincoln High School to know that
But I can rap so fuck school I'm too cool to go back
Gimme the mic show me where the fuckin' studio's at

When I was underground no one gave a fuck I was white
No labels wanted to sign me almost gave up, I was like
Fuck it until I met Dre the only one who looked past
Gave me a chance and I lit a fire up under his ass

Helped him get back to the top every fan black that I got
Was probably his in exchange for every white fan that he's got
Like damn we just swapped sittin back lookin' at shit, wow
I'm like My skin, is it startin' to work to my benefit now?

It's white America, I could be one of your kids
White America, little Eric looks just like this 
White America, Erica loves my shit 
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get 

White America, I could be one of your kids
White America, little Eric looks just like this 
White America, Erica loves my shit 
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get 

See the problem is I speak to suburban kids
Who otherwise woulda never knew these words exist
Whose moms probably woulda never gave two squirts of piss
Till I created so much mutherfuckin' turbulence

Straight out the tube right into your livin' rooms I came
And kids flipped when they knew I was produced by Dre
That's all it took and they were instantly hooked right in
And they connected with me too because I looked like them

That's why they put my lyrics up under this microscope
Searchin' with a fine tooth comb its like this rope
Waitin' to choke tightenin' around my throat
Watchin' me while I write this like I don't like yes no

All I hear is: Lyrics lyrics constant controversy sponsors workin' 
'Round the clock to try to stop my concerts early surely
Hip hop was never a problem in Harlem only in Boston
After it bothered the fathers of daughters startin' to blossom

So now I'm catchin' the flack from these activists when they raggin'
Actin' like I'm the first rapper to smack a bitch and say "faggot"
Shit, just look at me like I'm your closest pal, the poster child
The mutherfuckin' spokesman now

For white America, I could be one of your kids
White America, little Eric looks just like this 
White America, Erica loves my shit 
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get 

White America, I could be one of your kids
White America, little Eric looks just like this 
White America, Erica loves my shit 
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get 

So to the parents of America
I am the derringer aimed at little Erica
To attack her character
The ring leader of the circus of worthless pawns
Sent to lead the march right up to the steps of Congress
And piss on the lawns of the White House
To burn the casket and replace it with a parental advisory sticker
To spit liquor in the faces of this democracy of hypocrisy
Fuck you Ms. Cheney!
Fuck you Tipper Gore!
Fuck you with the freedom of speech this divided state
Of embarrassment will allow me to have
Fuck You

Ha Ha Ha 
I'm just playin' America, you know I love you
(Dr. Dre)
Marshall, sounds like an S.O.S.

(Eminem)
Holy wack unlyrical lyrics Andr&#xE9;, you're fucking right!

(Dr. Dre)
To the rap mobile, let's go! 

(Lady)
Marshall!
Marshall!

(Eminem)
Bitches and gentlemen
It's showtime
Hurry, hurry step right up
Introducing the star of our show; his name is&#x2026;

(Lady)
Marshall!

(Eminem)
You wouldn't wanna be anywhere else in the world right now
So without futher ado, I bring to you&#x2026;

(Lady)
Marshall! 

(Eminem)
Your 'bout to witness hip-hop in its most purest
Most rawest form, flow almost flawless
Most hardest, most honest known artist
Chip off the old block, but old doc is back

Looks like Batman brought his own Robin
Oh god, Sadam's got his own Laden
With his own private plane, his own pilot
Set to blow college dorm room doors off the hinges

Oranges, peach, pears, plums, syringes
Vrrm, vrrm, yeah, here I come, I'm inches
Away from you, dear fear none
Hip-hop is in a state of 9-11, so

Let's get down to business 
I don't got no time to play around. What is this?
Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down
On these clowns. Can I get a witness?

(Dr. Dre)
(Hell yeah!)

(Eminem)
Let's get down to business 
I don't got no time to play around. What is this?
Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down
On these clowns. Can I get a witness?

(Dr. Dre)
(Hell yeah!)

(Eminem)
Quick; gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles
Gee wilikers, Dre, holy bat syllables
Look at all the bullshit that goes on in Gotham
When I'm gone. Time to get rid of these rap criminals

So skip to your lou, while I do what I do best 
You ain't even impressed no more; you used to it 
Flows too wet, nobody close to it 
Nobody says it, but still everyone knows the shit

The most hated on out of all those who say they get hated on
In eighty songs and exagerate it all so much 
They make it all up; there's no such thing 
Like a female with good looks who cooks and cleans

It just means so much more to so much more
People when you're rappin', and you know what for 
The show must go on, so I'd like to welcome ya'll
To Marshall and Andr&#xE9;'s carnival. C'mon now!

Let's get down to business 
I don't got no time to play around. What is this?
Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down
On these clowns. Can I get a witness?

(Dr. Dre)
(Hell yeah!)

(Eminem)
Let's get down to business 
I don't got no time to play around. What is this?
Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down
On these clowns. Can I get a witness?

(Dr. Dre)
(Hell yeah!)

(Eminem)
It's just like old times: the dynamic duo 
Two old friends; why panic? You already know
Who's is fully capable, the two capped heroes
Dial straight down the center 8-0-0

You can even call collect, the most feared duet 
Since me and Elton played career Russian Roulette
And never even seen me blink or get to busting a sweat 
People stepping over people just to rush to the set

Just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely
Ease over these beats and be so breezy
Jesus, how can shit be so easy?
How can one Chandra be so Levy?

Turn on these beats MC's dont see me
Believe me, BET and MTV
Are gonna grieve when we leave, dawg fo' sheezy
Can't leave rap alone; the game needs me

Till we grow beards, get weird, and disappear 
Into the mountains; nothing but clowns down here
But we ain't fucking around 'round here 
Yo, Dre! (What up?) Can I get a "hell yeah"? (Hell yeah!)

Let's get down to business 
I don't got no time to play around. What is this?
Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down
On these clowns. Can I get a witness?

(Dr. Dre)
(Hell yeah!)

(Eminem)
Let's get down to business 
I don't got no time to play around. What is this?
Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down
On these clowns. Can I get a witness?

(Dr. Dre)
(Hell yeah!)

(Eminem)
So there you have it folks 

(Lady)
Marshall!

(Eminem)
Has come to save the day
Back with his friend Andr&#xE9;
And to remind you that bullshit does not pay
Because

(Lady)
Marshall!

(Eminem)
And Andr&#xE9; are here to stay and never go away
Until our dying day, until we're old and gray

(Lady)
Marshall!

(Eminem)
So until next time friends 
Same blonde hair, same rap channel
Good night everyone; thank you for coming
Your host for the evening

(Lady)
Marshall!

(Eminem)
Oh, hah
Where's my snare?
I have no snare in my headphones
There you go
Yeah
Yo, yo

Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have, I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind

All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans explodin'
Tempers flarin' from parents just blow 'em off and keep goin'
Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as I'm breathin'
Keep kickin' ass in the mornin' and takin' names in the evenin'

Leavin' with a taste as sour as vinegar in their mouth
See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now, I bet ya probably sick of me now
Ain't you, mama? Imma make you look so ridiculous now

I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet, one more time

I said, I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you 
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet, ha

I got some skeletons in my closet and I don't know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it, imma expose it
I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum sellin' CD

I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must've had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No I don't owe him a second thought, I just fuckin' wished he would die

I look at Hailie and I couldn't picture leavin' her side
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake, I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face 'em today

What I did was stupid, no doubt, it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets outta that gun
'Cause I'd have killed 'em, shit, I woulda shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show

I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet, one more time

I said, I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet

Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen, 'fore you think this record is dissin'
But put yourself in my position, just try to envision
Witnessin' your mama poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen

Bitchin', that someone's always goin' through her purse and shit's missin'
Goin' through public housin' systems, victim of M&#xFC;nchhausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick, when I wasn't
Till I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to ya stomach, doesn't it?

Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, ma?
But guess what, ya gettin' older now and it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growin' up so quick he's going to know that you're phony

And Hailie's getting so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral
See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch do your song, keep telling yourself, that you was a mom

But how dare you try to take when you didn't help me to get
You selfish bitch, I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well guess what: I am dead - dead to you as can be!

I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet, one more time

I said, I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you 
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
People
It feels so good to be back
Ladies and gentleman
Introducing the new and
Improved you know who

Never been the type to bend or budge
The wrong button to push, no friend of Bush
I'm the centerpiece, you're a maltese, I'm a pitbull off his leash
All this peace-talk can cease

All these people i had to leave in limbo
I'm back now I've come to release this info
I'll be brief and let me just keep shit simple
Cannabitch, don't want no beef with slim, no

Not even on my radar
So won't you please jump off my dick, lay off and stay off
And follow me as I put these crayons to chaos
From seance to seance

So come on now, let's all get on now
Doh si doh now, we gon' have a good ol' time
Dont be scerrrd, 'cause therrr ain't nuttin' to werrr 'bout
Let your hair down, square dance with me

So come on now, let's all get on now
Doh si doh now, we gon' have a good ol' time
Dont be scerrrd, 'cause therrr ain't nuttin' to werrr 'bout
Let your hair down, square dance with me

Let your hair down to the track, Yeh, kick on back (boo)
The boogie-monster of rap, yeh, the man's back
With a plan to ambush this Bush administration
Mush the senates face in and push this generation

Of kids to stand and fight for the right to say somethin'
You might not like This white hot light 
that im under no wonder I look so sunburnt
Oh no, I won't leave no stone unturned

Oh no, I won't leave won't go nowhere
Doh-si-doh oh! yo! ho! hello there
Oh yeh! don't think I won't go there
Go to Beirut and do a show there

Yeh you laugh till your motherfuckin' ass gets drafted
When you're at band camp thinkin' the crap cant happen
Till you fuck around, get an anthrax napkin
Inside a package wrapped in saran wrap wrappin'

Open the plastic and then you stand back gaspin'
Fuckin' assassins hijackin' amtracks crashin'
All this terror, America demands action
Next thing you know, you've got Uncle Sam's ass askin'

To join the army, or what you'll do for their navy
You just a baby gettin' recruited at 18
You're on a plane now eatin' their food and their baked beans
I'm 28, they gon' take you 'fore they take me

Crazy insane or insane crazy?
When I say Hussein, you say Shady!
My views ain't changed still inhumane, wait
Arraigned two days late, the date's today, hang me

So come on now, let's all get on now
Doh si doh now, we gon' have a good ol' time
Dont be scerrrd, 'cause therrr ain't nuttin' to werrr 'bout
Let your hair down, square dance with me

So come on now, let's all get on now
Doh si doh now, we gon' have a good ol' time
Dont be scerrrd, 'cause therrr ain't nuttin' to werrr 'bout
Let your hair down, square dance with me

Nothin' moves me more than a groove that soothes me
Nothin' soothes me more than a groove that boosts me
Nothin' boosts me more or suits me beautifully
There's nothin' you can do to me, stab me, shoot me

Physcotic hypnotic product I got the antibotic
Ain't nobody hotter and so on and yada yada
God I talk alot of cum-de-lay-la-la-la
Oochie walla um da dah da dah da but you gotta gotta

Keep movin' there's more music to make
Keep makin' new shit, produce hits to break
The monotony, what's gotten into me?
Drugs, rock and hennesey, thug like I'm 'Pac on my enemies

On your knees, got you under siege
Somebody you would give a lung to be
Hun-ga-ry like a fucking younger me
Fuck the fee, I can get you jumped for free

Yeah buddy, laugh it's funny I have the money 
To have you killed by somebody who has nothing
I pass bluffing, pass the K-Y 
Let's get ready for some intense serious ass fucking

So come on now, let's all get on now
Doh si doh now, we gon' have a good ol' time
Dont be scerrrd, 'cause therrr ain't nuttin' to werrr 'bout
Let your hair down, square dance with me

So come on now, let's all get on now
Doh si doh now, we gon' have a good ol' time
Dont be scerrrd, 'cause therrr ain't nuttin' to werrr 'bout
Let your hair down, square dance with me

Dr. Dre wants to square dance with me
Nasty Nas wants to square dance with me
X to the Z wants to square dance with me
Busta Rhymes wants to square dance with me
Cana-bitch won't square dance with me
Fan-a-bitch won't square dance with me
Canada-Bis dont want no parts o' me
Dirty Dozen wants to square dance with you
Yeeeeha!
(Eminem)
I'm gonna kill this bitch.
I'm gonna kill her.
I'm going to fucking jail,
'Cause I'm gonna kill this bitch 

(Gary)
Yo, man

(Eminem)
What?

(Gary)
I don't know.
I gotta really really bad feeling about this

(Eminem)
Man would you shut the fuck up Gary?
You always gotta bad feeling, man
That's her car right there

(Gary)
Aight, let me park

(Eminem)
Just park

(Gary)
I'm parkin'

(Eminem)
Turn the car off, dawg

(Gary)
Aight

(Eminem)
Aight, we wait.

(Gary)
We wait for what?

(Eminem)
We wait till she comes out and then I'm gonna fucking kill her

(Gary)
Man you ain't gonna kill no one

(Eminem)
Man, shut the fuck up dog

(Gary)
What the fuck did you bring that for?

(Eminem)
Just shut up! The fuckin clip is empty

(Gary)
Man, don't point that shit at me

(Eminem)
It's not even loaded, bitch! Look

(Gary)
Dude!

(Eminem laughs)

(Gary)
God, I fuckin hate it when you do that shit

(Eminem)
Yeah, but its funny as fuck

(Gary)
Quit fucking 'round, or I'm gonna kill you one of these days, I swear 

(Eminem)
Gets you every time.
Is that her? 

(Gary)
Where? 

(Eminem)
Right there, motherfucker!

(Gary)
Oohh yeah 

(Eminem)
Aight get down get down 

(Gary)
That's her, that's her

(Eminem)
Get down! 

(Gary)
What the fuck?
You want me to get under the car? 

(Eminem)
Yo, who she walkin' with?

(Gary)
How the fuck am I supposed to know?
You told me to duck down 

(Eminem)
It's the fuckin' bouncer---
Did she just kiss him?

(Gary)
I don't think so 

(Eminem)
Dogg, she just fuckin' kissed him 

(Gary)
No she didn't 

(Eminem)
She's kissin' him, dawg

(Gary)
No, she's not 

(Eminem)
(Gets out car) 

(Gary)
Oh, shit! 

(Eminem)
Come on-- MOTHERFUCKER!!!

(Gary) 
MARSH!

(Screaming & Running)
I'm a soldier
I'm a soldier
Da da da da da 
I'm a soldier
I'm a soldier, yo 

Never was a thug, just infatuated with guns
Never was a gangster, till I graduated to one
And got the rep of a villain for weapon concealin'
Took the image of a thug kept shit appealing

Willin' to stick out my neck for respect if it meant life or death
Never lived to regret what I said
When you're me, people just wanna see if its true
If it's you, what you say in your raps is what you do

So they feel, it's part of ya obligation to fulfill
When they see you on the streets face to face are you for real?
The confrontation ain't no conversation if you feel
You're in violation, any hesitation'll get you killed

If you feel it, kill it, if you can conceal it, reveal it
Being reasonable will leave you full of bullets, pull it, squeeze it
Till its empty, tempt me, push me, pussies
I need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze

I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble

I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble

I love pissing you off, it get's me off
Like my lawyers, when the fucking judge lets me off
All you motherfuckers gotta do is set me off
I'm violating, all the motherfucking bets be off

I'm a lit fuse, anything I do bitch is news
Pistol whipping mother fucker bouncer 6'2"
Who needs bullets? As soon as I pull it you sweat bullets 
An excellent method to get rid of the next bully

It's actually better, 'cause instead of you murdering
You can hurt 'em then come back again and kick dirt in them
It's like pouring salt in your wounds, assault and get sued
You can smell the lawsuits as soon as I waltz in the room

Everybody's hearts just stop, they call the cops
All you see is bitches coming out their halter tops
Running and ducking at the Hot Rock's parking lot
You'll all get shot, whether it's your fault or not

'Cause I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble

I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble

I spit it slow so these kids know that I'm talking to 'em
Give it back to these damn critics and sock it to 'em
I'm like a thug, with a little bit of 'Pac influence
I spew it and look how I got you bitches rocking to it

You motherfuckers could never do it like I can do it
Don't even try, you'll look stupid, do not pursue it
Don't ever in your life try to knock the truest
I spill the illest shit ever could drive me to it

So ticky-tock, listen as the sound ticks on the clock
Listen to the sound of Kim as she licks on the cock
Listen to the sound of me spilling my heart through this pen
Motherfuckers know that I'll never be Marshall again

Full of controversy until I retire my jersey
'Til the fire inside dies and expires at 30
And Lord have mercy on anymore of these rappers that verse me
And put a curse on authorities in the face of adversity

I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble

I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble

Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood

Hollywood, why do I feel this way?
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood

I thought I had it all figured out, I did
I thought I was tough enough to stick it out with Kim
But I wasn't tough enough to juggle two things at once
I found myself laying on my knees in cuffs

Which should've been a reason enough for me to get my stuff and just leave
How come I couldn't see this shit myself? It's just me
Nobody couldn't see the shit I felt
Knowin' damn well she wasn't gonna be there when I fell

To catch me, the minute she was heated she just bailed
I'm standin' and swingin' on like 30 people by myself
I couldnt even see the millimeter when it fell
Turned around saw Gary stashin' a heater in his belt

Saw the bouncers rush him and beat him to the ground
I just sold two million records, I don't need to go to jail
I'm not about to lose my freedom over no female
I need to slow down, try to get my feet on solid ground

So for now I'm...
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood

Hollywood, why do I feel this way?
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood

Bury my face in comic books 'cause I dont wanna look
At nothing, this world's too much, I swallowed all I could
If I could swallow a bottle of Tylenol, I would
And end it for good, just say goodbye to Hollywood

I pro'lly should, these problems are pilin' at once
'Cause everything that bothers me, I got it bottled up
I think I'm bottoming out, but I'm not about to give up
I gotta get up, thank god I got a little girl

Now I'm a responsible father and not alotta good
I'd be to my daughter layin in the bottom of the mud
Must be in my blood, 'cause I dunno how I do it
All I know is I dont want to follow in the footsteps

 of my dad
Cuz I hate him so bad
The worst fear that I had was growing up to be like his fuckin ass
Man, if you could understand why I am the way that I am
What do I say to my fans when I tell 'em

I'm sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood

Hollywood, why do I feel this way?
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood

I dont wanna quit, but shit, I feel like this is it
For me to have this much I feel like this is sick
This is not a game this fame in real life this is sick
Publicity stunt my ass, consume my fuckin' dick

Fuck the guns, I'm done, I'll never look at gats
If I scrap, I'll scrap like I ain't never wooped some ass
I love my fans but no one ever puts a grasp
On the fact I've sacrificed everything I have

I never dreamt I'd get to the level that I'm at
This is wack, this is more then I ever coulda asked
Everywhere I go I had a sweater, hood, or mask
What about math? How come I wasn't ever good at that?

It's like the boy in a bubble who never could adapt
I'm trapped, if I could go back, I never would've rapped
I sold my soul to the devil, i'll never get it back
I just wanna leave this game with level head intact

Imagine going from bein' a no one to seein' everything blow up
And all you did was grow up MCin'
It's fuckin crazy, 'cause all I wanted was to give Hailie the life I never had
Instead I forced us to live alienated

So I'm sayin'
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood

Hollywood, why do I feel this way?
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, I'm sayin' goodbye to Hollywood

Goodbye
Goodbye Hollywood (Goodybe)
Please don't cry for me (See ya later)
When im gone for good (This shit is not for me)
So, goodbye
Goodbye Hollywood (I'm not a fucking star)
Please don't cry for me (No way)
When I'm gone for good (I'm goin' back home)
Eminem 
Obie, yo? 

Obie Trice
I'm sick 

Eminem
Damn, you straight dog?

Obie Trice
Bitches
Getting sick

Eminem 
That's why I ain't got no time
For these games and stupid tricks
Or these bitches on my dick
That's how dudes be getting sick
That's how dicks be getting drips

Falling victim's to this shit 
From these bitches on our dicks 
Fucking chickens with no ribs
That's why I ain't got no time 

Obie Trice
Yo, I woke up, fucked up off the liquor I drunk 
I had a bag of the skunk, one and last night's tunk 
Pussy residue was on my penis, Denise from the cleaners 
Fucked me good, you should've seen us 

Big booty bitch, switch unbearable, french role styling
Body like a stallion 
Sizing up the figure while my shit getting bigger 
Debating on to fuck her, do I wanna be a nigga? 

Caressing this bitch, plus I'm checking out them tits
Sipping on that fine shit, I ain't use to buying
I gotta hit it from behind, it's mandatory
Like taking ho's money, but that's another story

For surely your pussy on toast, after we toast
Her clothes fell like Bishop and Juice
The womb beater, clean pussy eater, inserting my john
In that spot hotter than the hottest block, don't stop

Response I got when I was knocking it
Clocks steading ticking, kinky finger licking
The cannon, semen's at my tip when she moans
I gotta slow down before I cum soon

And work that nigga like a slave owner
When I dropped off my outfit, she knew I wanted to bone her
She foaming at the lips, the ones between her hips
Pubic hair's looking like some sour cream dip
 
Without the nacho, my dick hit the spot though 
Pussy tighter than conditions of us black folks 
Me in the final stretch, the last part of sex
I bust a fat ass nut, then I woke up next

Like, what the fuck is going on here? This bitch evaporated
Pussy and all just picked up and vacated
And now I'm frustrated 'cause my dick was unprotected
And doctor Wesley telling me I ain't really got that shit
Fuck

Eminem
That's why I ain't got no time 
For these games and stupid tricks 
Or these bitches on my dick 
That's how dudes be getting sick 
That's how dicks be getting drips
 
Falling victim's to this shit 
From these bitches on our dicks 
Fucking chickens with no ribs 
That's why I ain't got no time 

Now I don't wanna hit no women but this chick's got it coming
Someone better get this bitch before she gets kicked in the stomach
And she's pregnant, but she's egging me on, begging me to throw her
Off the steps on this porch, my only weapon is force
 
And I don't wanna resort to violence of any sort
But what's she shoving me for? Doesn't she love me no more?
Wasn't she hugging me four minutes ago at the door?
Man I'm this close to going toe to toe with this whore

What would you do if she was telling you she wants a divorce
She's having another baby in a month and it's yours
And you find it isn't 'cause this bitch has been visiting
Someone else and sucking his dick and kissing you on the lips

When you get back to Michigan, now the plot has thickened in worse 
'Cause you feel like you've been sticking your fucking dick in a hurse
So your paranoid at every little cold that you get
Ever since they sold you this shit, you've been holding your dick

So you go to the clinic, sweating every minute you're in it
Then the doctor comes out looking like Dennis the Menace *laughs*
And it's obvious to everyone in the lobby, it's AIDS
He ain't even gotta to call in you the office to say it

So you jet back home, 'cause you gon' get that ho
And when you see her, you're gon' bend her fucking neck back yo
'Cause you love her, you never would've expect that blow
Obie told you to scoop, how could she stoop that low?

Jesus, I don't believe this bitch works at the cleaners
Bringing me home diseases swinging from Obie's penis
She's so deceiving, shit this ho's a genius she g'd us

That's why I ain't got no time 
For these games and stupid tricks 
Or these bitches on my dick 
That's how dudes be getting sick 
That's how dicks be getting drips

Falling victim's to this shit 
From these bitches on our dicks 
Fucking chickens with no ribs 
That's why I ain't got no time 

I'm busy! 

Obie Trice
Yeah, fuck these bitches 

Eminem 
Fuck 'em all 

Obie Trice
Get money 

Eminem 
Ha! 

Obie Trice
Shady Records 

Eminem 
Woow! 

Obie Trice 
Eminem, mothafucka!

New millennium shit 
Yeah 
Turn this shit off 
Turn this shit the fuck off
Obie Trice:
Obie Trice - real name, no gimmicks.

Eminem:
Two trailer park girls go 'round the outside
'Round the outside, 'round the outside
Two trailer park girls go 'round the outside
'Round the outside, 'round the outside

Guess who's back, back, back?
Back again, gain, gain
Shady's back, back, back
Tell a friend

Guess who's back, guess who's back?
Guess who's back, guess who's back?
Guess who's back, guess who's back?
Guess who's back, la, la, la

I've created a monster, 'cause nobody wants to
See Marshall no more they want Shady, I'm chopped liver
Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor

Some vodka that'll jump start my heart quicker
Then a shock when I get shocked at the hospital
By the doctor when I'm not cooperating
When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey)

You waited this long to stop debating
'Cause I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job, Ms. Cheney
But your husband's heart problem's complicating

So the FCC won't let me be
Or let me be me so let me see
They tried to shut me down on MTV
But it feels so empty without me

So, come on dip, bum on your lips
Fuck that, cum on your lips and some on your tits
And get ready, 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits, "Fuck you Debbie"

Now this looks a job for me
So everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

Little hellions, kids feeling rebellious
Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
They start feeling like prisoners, helpless
Till someone comes along on a mission and yells "bitch"

A visionary, vision is scary
Could start a revolution, pollutin' the air waves
A rebel, so just let me revel and bask
In the fact that I got everyone kissin' my ass

And it's a disaster such a catastrophe
For you to see so damn much of my ass, you ask for me?
Well I'm back - na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na
Fix your bent antenna, tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in it

Up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention, back for the winter
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kids ears and nesting

"Testing, attention please"
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Here's my 10 cents, my 2 cents is free
A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me?

Now this looks a job for me
So everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit for tat wit'
Anybody who's talking this shit, that shit
Chris Kirkpatrick, you can get your ass kicked
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards

And Moby, you can get stomped by Obie
You 36-year-old bald-headed fag, blow me
You don't know me, you're too old, let go
It's over, nobody listens to techno

Now let's go, just give me the signal
I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil
Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol

But sometimes the shit just seems
Everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting
But it's just me I'm just obscene (hey)

Though I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley
To do black music so selfishly
And use it to get myself wealthy (hey)

There's a concept that works
20 million other white rappers emerge
But no matter how many fish in the sea
It'll be so empty without me

Now this looks a job for me
So everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

Kids
As heard on The Slim Shady LP
Watch video at YouTubeDQbOzZ6zHdw|209|252

Em, What's goin' on, this is Paul Rosenberg, your faithful attorney at law.
Listen, I listened to the rough copy of your album and uhh, you know I just gotta be honest with you.
Could you tone it down a little bit, because there's only so much I can explain.
Gimme a call.

As heard on The Marshall Mathers LP

Em, what's goin' on, it's Paul.
Uhh, Dre gave me a copy of the new album, and I just... *sigh*
Fuck it.
*Hangs Up*

As heard on The Eminem Show
Watch video at YouTubeVL75Lf027B8|209|252

Em, it's Paul.
Listen, Joel just called me and he said you're in the fuckin' back behind his studio,
shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting range.
I told you not to fuckin' bring your gun around, like an idiot, outside of your home.
You're gonna get yourself in trouble.
Don't bring your gun outside of your home you can't carry it on you.
Leave your fucking gun at home.
*Hangs up*

As heard on Encore
Watch video at YouTubeKtbOED0Ag4o|209|252

Hey Em, it's Paul.
Uh, listen I just got a call from the label, and you're probably not gonna be surprised but uhm,
Michael Jackson is extremely upset about the Just Lose It video.
And uhm, I mean he's pissed, so I-I don't know what he's gonna do, but we gotta talk about how we're gonna handle this. Uhm...
Oh yeah, anyway, somebody told me that, uhm, they heard a rumor that you got a new gun, uhm.
I know it's probably not true, but I just need to talk to you about that. So, uh, give me a call. *Hangs Up*

As heard on Relapse
Watch video at YouTubeyrQlqJhAfOQ|209|252

Em, it's Paul.
Uhm, I just listened to the entire album.
And you gotta be fucking kidding me.
I mean with this Christopher Reeve shit, you know the guy's dead right?
And then the whole gay, step-father incest rape thing?
I don't have your back on this one, I can't even fuckin' handle it.
I'm done.
*Hangs Up*
These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing
It's so scary in a house that allows no swearing

To see him walking around with his headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care
He's a problem child and what bothers him all comes out
When he talks about his fuckin' dad walkin' out

'Cause he hates him so bad that he blocks him out
But if he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap

He sags his pants, do-rags and a stocking cap
His stepfather hit him so he socked him back
And broke his nose, his house is a broken home
There's no control, he just lets his emotions go

(Chorus from Aerosmith's Dream On)
(Come on!) Sing with me, (Sing!) for the year (Sing it!)
For the laughter, sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, if it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangstas
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely 'cause don't anyone know me

Yet everybody just feels like they can relate
I guess words are a motherfucker, they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make

Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass

But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get they hands on every dime you have
They want you to lose your mind every time you mad

So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me
Strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly

But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously
So I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense B

It's all political, if my music is literal
And I'm a criminal how the fuck can I raise a little girl
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to
You're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you

(Come on!) Sing with me, (Sing!) for the year (Sing that shit!)
For the laughter, sing for the tears (Sing with me!)
Sing it with me, if it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well can it load a gun up for you and cock it too
Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued

See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they want to get one 'cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers
Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus

But music is reflection of self, we just explain it
And then we get our checks in the mail, it's fucked up ain't it
How we can come from practically nothing
To being able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted

That's why we sing for these kids who don't have a thing
Except for a dream, and a fuckin' rap magazine
Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long
Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs

Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in they lives
Till they sit and they cry at night, wishin' they'd die
Till they throw on a rap record and they sit and they vibe
We're nothin' to you, but we're the fuckin' shit in they eyes

That's why we, seize the moment try to freeze it and own it
Squeeze it and hold it, 'cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone just let our spirits live on
Through our lyrics that you hear in our songs and we can

Sing with me, (Sing!) for the year (Sing it!)
For the laughter, sing for the tears (Come on!)
Sing it with me, if it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

Sing with me, (Sing!) for the year (Sing it!)
For the laughter, sing for the tears (Come on!)
Sing it with me, if it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away
Spoken
(Mmmhh)
You high baby? (Yeah)
Yeah? (Ha ha ha. Talk to me.)
You want me to tell you somethin'? (Uh huh)
I know what you wanna hear



'Cause I know you want me baby
I think I want you, too
(I think I love you baby)
I think I love you, too

I'm here to save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together
Let's let our love unfurl

You know you want me baby
You know I want you, too
They call me Superman
I'm here to rescue you

I wanna save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
(Oh boy, you drive me crazy)
Bitch, you make me hurl

They call me Superman
Leap tall hoes in a single bound
I'm single now, got no ring on this finger now
I'll never let another chick bring me down

In a relationship, save it bitch
Babysit, you make me sick
Superman ain't savin' shit
Girl you can jump on Shady's dick

Straight from the hip, cut to the chase
I'll tell a motherfuckin' slut to her face
Play no games, say no names
Ever since I broke up with what's her face

I'm a different man, kiss my ass
Kiss my lips, bitch why ask
Kiss my dick, get my cash
I'd rather have you whip my ass

Don't put out, I'll put you out
Won't get out, I'll push you out
Puss blew out, copin' shit
Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out

Am I too nice to buy you ice?
Bitch if you died, wouldn't buy you life
What you tryin' to be my new wife?
What you Mariah, fly through twice?

But I do know one thing though
Bitches they come, they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday, yo

Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
Till then just sit your drunk ass
On that fuckin' runway hoe

'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman

I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

Don't get me wrong, I love these hoes
It's no secret, everybody knows
Yeah we fucked, bitch so what
That's about as far as your buddy goes

We'll be friends, I'll call you again
I'll chase you around every bar you attend
Never know what kind of car I'll be in
We'll see how much you'll be partying then

You don't want that, neither do I
I don't wanna flip when I see you with guys
Too much pride, between you and I
Not a jealous man, but females lie

But I guess that's just what sluts do
How could it ever be just us two
I never loved you enough to trust you
We just met and I just fucked you

But I do know one thing though
Bitches they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday, yo

Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
Till then just sit your drunk ass
On that fuckin' runway hoe

I know you want me baby
I think I want you, too
(I think I love you, baby)
I think I love you, too

I'm here to save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together
Let's let our love unfurl

You know you want me baby
You know I want you, too
They call me Superman
I'm here to rescue you

I wanna save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
(Ooh boy, you drive me crazy)
Bitch, you make me hurl

First thing you say
(I'm not fazed, I hang around big stars all day
I don't see what the big deal is anyway
You're just plain old Marshall to me)

Ooh yeah girl run that game
(Haily Jade, I love that name
Love that tattoo, what's that say?
"Rot in Pieces", uhh that's great)

First off you don't know Marshall
At all so don't grow partial
That's ammo for my arsenal
I'll slap you off that bar stool

There goes another lawsuit
Leave hand prints all across you
Good Lordy-wody you must be
Gone off that quarter bottle

You want what you can't have
Ooh girl that's too damn bad
Don't touch what you can't grab
End up with two back hands

Put Anthrax on a Tampax
And slap you till you can't stand
Girl you just blew your chance
Don't mean to ruin your plans

But I do know one thing though
Bitches they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday, yo

Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
Till then just sit your drunk ass
On that fuckin' runway hoe

'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman

I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman

I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

I know you want me baby
I think I want you, too
(I think I love you baby)
I think I love you, too

I'm here to save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together
Let's let our love unfurl

You know you want me baby
You know I want you, too
They call me Superman
I'm here to rescue you

I wanna save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
(Oh boy you drive me crazy)
Bitch, you make me hurl

'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman

I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman

I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman
Yo, I can't sing it.
I feel like singin'.
I wanna fuckin' sing.
'Cause I'm happy.
Yeah, I'm happy. (Haha)
I got my baby back.
Yo, check it out.

Some days I sit, starin' out the window
Watchin' this world pass me by
Sometimes I think there's nothin' to live for
I almost break down and cry

Sometimes I think I'm crazy, I'm crazy oh so crazy
Why am I here, am I just wastin' my time?
But then I see my baby, suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes

'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me

My baby girl, keeps gettin' older
I watch her grow up with pride
People make jokes, 'cause they don't understand me
They just don't see my real side

I act like shit don't phase me, inside it drives me crazy
My insecurities could eat me alive
But then I see my baby, suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes

'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me

Man if I could sing I'd keep singin' this song to my daughter
If I could hit the notes, I'd blow somethin' as long as my father
To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her
God I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't want her

Now you probably get this picture from my public persona
That I'm a pistol-packin' drug addict who bags on his mama
But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest
'Cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside o' my soul

And just know that I grow colder the older I grow
This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold
And this load is like the weight of the world, and I think my neck is breakin'
Should I just give up or try to live up to these expectations?

Now look, I love my daughter more than life in itself
But I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin' hell
But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt
So many chances, man it's too bad, coulda had someone else

But the years that I've wasted is nothin' to the tears that I've tasted
So here's what I'm facin': 3 felonies, 6 years of probation
I've went to jail for this woman, I've been to bat for this woman
I've taken bats to peoples backs, bent over backwards for this woman

Man I shoulda seen it comin', what'd I stick my penis up in?
Wouldn't've ripped the pre-nup up if I'd seen what she was fuckin'
But fuck it it's over, there's no more reason to cry no more
I got my baby, baby the only lady that I adore, Hailie

So sayonara, try tomorra, nice to know ya
My baby's travelled back to the arms of her rightful owner
And suddenly it seems that my shoulder blades have just shifted
It's like the greatest gift you can get, the weight has been lifted

Now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin'on me
'Cause my baby knows that her daddy's a soldier
Nothin' can take her from me

Woo! 
I told you I can't sing.
Oh well, I tried.
Hailie, 'member when I said "If you ever need anything, daddy will be right there?"
Well guess what?
Daddy's here. And I ain't goin' nowhere baby.
I love you.
As heard on The Marshall Mathers LP

Eminem: Heyyy
Steve: Hey, Em, what's up?
Eminem: Steve Berman. What's goin' on, man, how you doin? Good to see you again. What's up?
Steve: Em, could you come here and have a seat, please?
Eminem: Umm, yeah, what's...
Steve: Vannessa, shut the door
Secretary: Okay
Eminem: So what's up? How's orders looking for the first week?
Steve: It would be better if you gave me nothing at all
Eminem: Wh
Steve: This album is less than nothing. I can't sell this fucking record
Eminem: Wha
Steve: Do you know what's happening to me out there?
Eminem: Wh-wha-what's the problem?
Steve: Violent Ground told me to go fuck myself
Eminem: Who's Violent...?
Steve: Tower Records told me to shove this record up my ass! Do you know what it feels like to be told to have a record shoved up your ass?
Eminem: But, I
Steve: I'm gonna lose my fuckin' job over this. You know why Dre's record was so successful? He's rappin' about big-screen tv's, blunts, 40's and bitches. You're rappin' about homosexuals and Vicadin
Eminem: I mean
Steve: I can't sell this shit
Eminem: What
Steve: Either change the record or it's not coming out
Eminem: What, I
Steve: Now get the fuck out of my office
Eminem: What am I supposed
Steve: NOW
Eminem: Aight man, whatever

As heard on Devil's Nightby D12

(Eminem)Hey Steve, Vanessa said you waned to see me
(Steve)Marshall, I can call you Marshall right?
(Eminem)Uhh, sure
(Steve)Good. Sit the fuck down for a second
(Eminem)Okay...
(Steve)Do you just fuckin hate me?
(Eminem)Hate you? What
(Steve)What the fuck have I ever done to you? Your last record, we got lucky. This D12 album is FUCKED
(Eminem)What's wrong with it?
(Steve)I don't wanna rape my grandmother! I don't wanna have sex with pitbulls! I wanna roll on dubs, I want throw bows, I wanna rock prada
(Eminem)"Rock prada"?
(Steve)And who the fuck is this Bizarre guy?
(Eminem)What do you mean?
(Steve)Do you need a CAT scan?! Where the fuck did you find this guy?
(Eminem)I mean, I've known him like...
(Steve)This album's never coming out
(Eminem)Steve, you've only heard one song
(Steve)Fuck you! Get the fuck outta here! NOW
(Eminem)Okay, okay, shit

As heard on The Eminem Show

*Door knocks*

Steve Berman:
It's ridiculous, I can't believe it, what?
Hold on a minute
Em...

Eminem:
Whuddup?

Steve Berman:
Dre, I'll call you back

Eminem:
What now?

Steve Berman:
I don't even know where to start

Eminem:
Okay

Steve Berman:
I got the album from upstairs

Eminem:
And?

Steve Berman:
And this is by far the most...

*Gun shoots*

Steve Berman:
...incredible thing I've ever heard...

As heard on Relapse

(Ring Ring)
Secretary: Mr.Berman?
Steve: What?
Secretary: We have Eminem here to see you
Steve: About fuckin' time. Send him in
(Door opens)
Eminem: Steve! Good to see you man. Um,hey I jus
Steve: Well, look who decided to show his face! I hope you've had fun in the last four years
Em: Look man, I apologize again for
Steve: For shooting me?! Do you know I lost the use of my right arm?
Eminem: Again, it was a mistake. It was a terrible mista--- are you wearing a bulletproof vest?
Steve: And then you go and do, what, Hide out? Stay in Detroit for almost 5 years while the music industry melts the fuck down? Do you know how many people lost their jobs because of your fucking vacation?
Eminem: Well, that's actually why I'm here, I was gonna put out some new music and I wanted to play it for you and get your opinion
Steve: Do I REALLY need to hear it? Let me guess: Another album about "poor me, I'm so famous it has ruined my rich little life and I'm such a tortured artist let me make music about it and my tragic love life." Am I on to something here?
Eminem: C'mon, man! It's not like that
Steve: You know what? Just hand the fucking thing over! I'm done talking to you! Think you can just come and go as you please, big selfish superstar
Eminem: Steve, I had a drug problem
Steve: "Oh, poor me! I had a drug problem!" Who hasn't had a drug problem in this town? You know what?
(Cocks gun, Em: "Woah!")
Just lay this shit down on my desk and get the fuck out
Eminem: Woah Woah, Jesus Christ man, alright alright, here, fine...
Steve: What's this shit?! TWO cds?
Eminem: That's what I've been trying to tell you, man. It's two albums
Steve: Just get out! Get the fuck out
Eminem: Alright, man. See you later
(Bizarre:)
Music... Reality... Sometimes it's hard to tell the difference.
But we as entertainers have a responsibility, to these kids... Psyche.

(Eminem:)
If I, were to die, murdered in cold blood tomorrow,
Would you feel sorrow, or show love, or would it matter?
Could never be the lead-off batter
If there ain't shit for me to feed off, I'm see-saw battlin'
But there's way too much at stake for me to be fake,
There's too much on my plate, I done came way
Too far in this game, to turn and walk away,
And not say what I got to say
What the fuck you take me for, a joke? You smokin' crack?
'Fore I do that, I'd beg Mariah to take me back
I'll get up 'fore I get down, run myself in the ground,
'Fore I put some wack shit out
I'm tryin' to smack this one out the park, five-thousand mark,
Y'all steady tryin' to drown a shark
Ain't gon' do nothin' but piss me off, lid to the can of whip ass,
Just twist me off see me leap out, pull a piece out
Fuck shootin', I'm just tryin' to knock his teeth out
Fuck with me now bitch, let's see you freestyle
Talk is cheap, motherfucker, if you really feelin' froggish, leap
Yo Slim, you gon' let him get away with that?
He tried to play you, you can't let him skate with that
Man, I hate this crap
This ain't rap, this is crazy the way we act,
When we confuse hip hop with real life when the music stops

(Swifty:)
Ain't no getting' rid of McVeigh, if so you woulda tried,
The only way I'm leavin' this bitch is suicide
I have died clinically, arrived back at my enemies'
Crib with Hennessey, got drunk then I finish he
I'm every nigga's favorite arch enemy,
Physically fitted to be the most dangerous nigga with beef
I spark willingly, with a dillinger in the dark, dilligently,
I'm not what you think
I appear to be fucked up, mentally endangered
I can't stay away from a razor
I just want my face in a paper
I wish a nigga had a grenade to squeeze tight to awake neighbors for acres
I'll murder you, I gauge to have me turn into
A mad man, son of sam, bitch, I'm surgical
I'm allergic to dyin', you think not
You got balls? We can see how large, when the music stops

(Kon Artis:)
I was happy havin' a deal at first
Thought money would make me happy, but it only made my pain worse
It hurts when you see your friends turn their back on you, dog
And you ain't got nothin' left but your word and your balls
And you're stressed from the calls of your new friends
Beggin' with their hands out, checkin' for your record when it's sellin'
When it ain't that's the end, no laughs, no friends
No girls, just the gin you drink, till your car spin
You think DAMN! When you slam into the wall, and you fall out the car
And try to crawl with one arm
I'm bout to lose it all in a pool of alcohol
If my funeral's tomorrow, wonder would they even call when the music stops

(Von:)
Let's see how many of your men loyal
When I pull up lookin' for you with a pistol, sippin' a can of penzoil
I'm revved up, who said what, when lead bust
Your head just explode with red stuff, I'm handcuffed
Tossed in the paddywagon, braggin' about how you shouted,
Like a coward, bullets devoured you, showered you niggas
If I was you niggas, I'd run while given a chance
Understand, I can enhance the spirit of man
Death itself, it can hurt me
Just the thought of dyin' alone that really irks me
You ain't worthy to speak thoughts of cheap talk, be smart
And stop tryin' to walk how G's walk before we spark
Hug the floor while we playin' tug-of-war with your life,
Fuck a tour and a mike, I'd rather fuck a whore with a knife
Deliver that shit that coroner's like, you hype,
Poppin' shit in broad daylight, nigga you're a goner at night, when the music stops

(Proof:)
Instigators turn pits in cages,
Let loose and bit the neighbors, wrist to razors
Y'all don't want war, y'all want talk,
In the dark my dogs all bark like woof!
Proof nigga I'ma wolf, get your whole roof
Caved in like reindeer hooves
Stomp the booth, shake the floor tiles loose
The more y'all breath, shit, the more I moves
It's Hill Street, this is hardcore blues
Put a gun to rap checkin' all our dues
Nigga, or make the news, betcha all y'all move
When the uzi pop you better drop, when the music stop

(Bizarre:)
Music has changed my life in so many ways
Brains confused been fucked since the fifth grade
LL told me to rock the bells,
NWA said fuck the police, now I'm in jail
'93 was strictly R&B,
Fucked up haircut, listenin' to Jodeci
Michael Jackson who gonna tell me I ain't Mike?
Ass cheeks painted white, fuckin' Priscilla tonight
Flyin' down Sunset smokin' crack
Transvestite in the front, Eddie Murphy in the back
MOP had me grimy and gritty,
Marilyn Manson, I died my hair blue and grew some titties
Ludacris told me to throw them bows
Now I'm in the hospital with a broken nose and a fractured elbow
Voices in my head, I'm goin' in shock
I'm reachin' for the glock, but the music stops...
Dr. Dre 
So I'm out the game huh?

Eminem 
Yo Dre, we riding?

Dr. Dre
Whatever

Eminem
Well I'm with ya, homie

Dr. Dre
OK
Let's handle the small shit

Eminem
I was born to brew up storms, stir up shit
Kick up dust, cuss 'til I slur up spit
Grew up too quick, went through too much
Knew too much shit, corrupt
And I'ma pour it on like syrup, bitch
Thick n'rich, sick and twisted Mr. Buttersworth
Dre told me to milk this shit for what it's worth
'Til the cow just tilts and tips and stumbles to Earth
And if I fumble a verse, keep going
First take, I make mistakes, just keep it
No punches pulled, no punches, that's weak shit
Fake shit, if I ever take shit, I'll eat shit
Wasn't for him, wouldn't be shit

Dr. Dre
Creep with me, as we take a little trip down Memory Lane
Been here longer than anyone in the game
And I ain't got to lie about my age

Eminem
But what about Jermaine?

Dr. Dre
Fuck Jermaine, he don't belong speakin' mine or Timbaland's name
And don't think I don't read your little interviews and see what you're saying
I'm a giant, and I ain't gotta move 'til I'm provoked
When I see you, I'ma step on you and not even know it
You midget, mini-me, with a bunch of little mini-yous
Running round your backyard swimming pools
Over eighty million records sold
And I ain't have to do it with ten- or eleven-year-olds

Eminem
'Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with, huh?
'Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with, huh?

Second verse, it gets worse, it gets no better than this
Amateurs drink veteran piss from a Dixie cup
If you ever mix me up
Or confuse me with a Canibus or Dre with a Dupri
We'll rub it in, every club you're in
We'll have you blackballed and make sure you never rap a-fuckin-gain
Dre ain't having it, long as I'm here to play Devil's advocate 

Dr. Dre
If there was some magic shit I could wave
Over the industry that could save it when I'm gone
And buried to make sure the tradition carries on
I would

Eminem
If I could only use this power for good
I wouldn't, not even if I could

Dr. Dre
From the 'hood and I'm a hornet
And I'ma only sting when I'm cornered

Eminem
And I'ma only sucker punch and swing without warning
And swing to knock somebody's fuckin head off
'Cause I know, when they get up, I won't get a chance to let off
Another punch, I'm punk-rock, no one's punk
Don't give a fuck; white-Pac, so much spunk
When I was little I knew I would blow up
And sell a mil' or grow up to be Atilla
Go nuts and be a killer

Dr. Dre
And I'm something of a phenom'
One puff of the chron'
I'm unstoppable, I'm alive and on top again
There's no obstacle that I can't conquer
So come along with us

Eminem
C'mon!

'Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with, huh?
'Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with, huh?

Dr. Dre
Now anybody who knows Dre
Knows I'm about fast cars and Aliz&#xE9;, partying all day
But I handle my business 'cause it's work before play
Don't look for trouble but I'll serve you gourmet
However you want it, you can have it your way
You fuck my night up, I'ma fuck up your day
Bullet with your name, sending it your way
That goes for anyone who walks through that doorway
'Cause this is my space; you invade it?
Live to regret it then you die trying to violate it
Fuck around, get annihilated, eyes dilated

Eminem
Like my old lady?
'Cause what you say is what you say
Sometimes what you mean is two different things
Depending on your mood, if it swings
Think too many things, little hit of Dre's weed
I can do anything, catch a contact and I'm gone
And now I'm back
I speed write and my loose-leaf's my launch pad 

Dr. Dre
And I can pull any string
Don't have to prove anything
Catch a contract on your head
You headed West, talk shit about Dre?
You better get a vest, and invest in something
To protect your head and neck

Eminem
And it's back and forth all day like Red and Meth
I joke when I say I'm the best in the booth
But a lot of truth is said in jest
And if I ever do live to be a legend
I'ma die a sudden death, 5 mics in ""The Source""?
Ain't holding my fucking breath
But I suffocate for the respect
'Fore I breath to collect a fucking check

'Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with, huh?
'Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with, huh?

Dr. Dre
Watch your fuckin' mouth

Timbaland
Yo this Timbaland
Tell him I said suck my dick
'Cause sometimes you just feel tired,
Feel weak, and when you feel weak, you feel like you wanna just give up.
But you gotta search within you, you gotta find that inner strength
And just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up
And not be a quitter, no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse.

Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left

Till I collapse I&#x2019;m spilling these raps long as you feel 'em
Till the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killing them
'Cause when I am not then I'ma stop penning 'em
And I am not hip-hop and I&#x2019;m just not Eminem.
Subliminal thoughts when I'm stop sending them women are caught in webs spin and hauk venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illing to stop.
Amoxacilin is just not real enough.
The criminal cop killing hip-hop filling a minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners.
You're coming with me, feel it or not you&#x2019;re gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of god lives in us.
You hear it a lot, lyrics that shock is it a miracle or am I just a product of pop fizzing up.
For sizzle my whizzle this is the plot listen up you bizzles forgot slizzle does not give a fuck.

Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can&#x2019;t shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out - am I high? Perhaps.
I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse.
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can&#x2019;t shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out - am I high? Perhaps.
I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse.

Music is like magic there&#x2019;s a certain feeling you get when you're real
And you spit and people are feeling your shit.
This is your moment and every single minute you spend trying to hold onto it
'cause you may never get it again.
So while you&#x2019;re in it try to get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over just admit when it's at its end.
'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half this shit that gets in.
I got a list here's the order of my list that it's in.
It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie, Andre from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas and then me.
But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy, so when I&#x2019;m not put on this list the shit does not offend me.
That's why you see me walk around like nothing's bothering me.
Even though half you people got a fucking problem with me.
You hate it but you know respect you've got to give me
The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney. Nate hit me.

Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can&#x2019;t shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out - am I high? Perhaps.
I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse.
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can&#x2019;t shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out - am I high? Perhaps.
I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse.

Soon as a verse starts I eat it at MC&#x2019;s heart
What is he thinking? How not to go against me? Smart.
And it's absurd how people hang on every word.
I&#x2019;ll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But I&#x2019;ll never be served my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first.
'Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothing could ever be worse.
That&#x2019;s why I&#x2019;m clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I&#x2019;m an addict
I rap like I&#x2019;m addicted to smack like I&#x2019;m Kim Mathers.
But I don&#x2019;t want to go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers.
So this is like a full blown attack I&#x2019;m launching at them
The track is on some battling raps who want some static
'Cause I don&#x2019;t really think that the fact that I&#x2019;m Slim matters
A plaque of platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest.

Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can&#x2019;t shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out - am I high? Perhaps.
I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse.
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can&#x2019;t shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out - am I high? Perhaps.
I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse.

Until the roof (Until the roof)
The roof comes off (The roof comes off)
Until my legs (Until my legs)
Give out from underneath me (Give out form underneath me)

I, I will not fall,
I will stand tall,
Feels like no one can beat me.
TV Presenter:
Hello boys and girls
Today we're gonna talk about father and daughter relationships
Do you have a daddy?
I'll bet you do

*Door opens*
Who's your daddy?

Hailie:
Daddy, what're you doing?

Eminem:
Haha

Eminem & Hailie:
Ok then! everybody, listen up

Eminem:
I'm goin' to hell, who's comin' with me?

Hailie:
Somebody, please help him
*giggle*
I think my dad gone crazy

There's no mountain I can't climb, there's no tower too high
No plane that I can't learn how to fly
What do I gotta do to get through to you, to show you
There ain't nothing I can't take this chainsaw to

Fuckin' brains brawn, and brass balls
I cut 'em off, then got 'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar
Inside of a hall with my framed autograph
Sunglasses with Elton John's name on my drag wall

I'm out the closet, I been lying my ass off
All this time, me and Dre been fucking with hats off

Dr Dre:
Suck it Marshall

Eminem:
Tell laura and her husband to back off
Before I push this motherfucking button and blast off

And launch one of these russians and that's all
Blow every fucking thing, except Afghanistan on the map off
We wanna stop, we wanna knock the crap off

*Knocking* Haley, tell 'em baby

Hailie:
My dad's lost it

There's really nothin' else to say ha, I can't explain it
(I think my dad gone crazy)
A little help from Hailie jade won't ya tell em', maybe
(I think my dad gone crazy)
There's nothing you could do or say that could ever change me
(I think my dad gone crazy)
There's no one on earth that can save me, not even Hailie
(I think my dad gone crazy)

It's like my mother always told me
*Eminem Impersinates His Mom* Rnrnrnrnrnrrrr, n codeine
N goddamit, you little motherfucker
If you ain't got nothin' nice to say then don't say nothin'

Er.. Fuck that shit, bitch
Eat a motherfuckin' dick Chew on a prick, and lick
A million motherfuckin' cocks per second
I'd rather put out a motherfucking gospel record

I'd rather be a pussy-whipped bitch, eat pussy
And have pussy-lips glued to my face with a clit-ring
In my nose then quit bringin' my flows
Quit giving me my ammo Can't you see why I'm so mean?

If y'all leave me alone, this wouldn't be my M.O
I wouldn't have to go eenie meenie minie mo
Catch a homo by his toe, man I don't know no more
Am I the only fuckin' one who's normal any more?

Hailey:
Dad

There's really nothin' else to say ha, I can't explain it
(I think my dad gone crazy)
A little help from Hailie jade won't ya tell em', maybe
(I think my dad gone crazy)
There's nothing you could do or say that could ever change me
(I think my dad gone crazy)
There's no one on earth that can save me, not even Hailie
(I think my dad gone crazy)

My songs can make you cry, take you by surprise
And at the same time, make you dry your eyes
With the same rhyme, so what you're seeing is a genius at work
Which to me isn't work, so it's easy to misinter

Pret it at first, cuz when I speak, it's tongue in cheek
I'd yank my fuckin' teeth
Before I'd ever bite my tongue I'd slice my gums
Get struck by fuckin' lightning twice at once

And die and come back as Vanilla Ice's son
And walk around the rest of my life spit on
And kicked and hit with shit, every time I sung
Like R. Kelly as soon as Bump 'n Grind comes on

More pain inside o' my brain
Than in the eyes of a little girl inside of a plane
Aimed at the world trade, standin' on Ronny's grave
Screaming at the sky, the clouds gather it's Clyde Mathers and Bonnie Jade

And that's pretty much the gist of it
Parents are pissed, but the kids love it
Nine millimeter, heaters stashed in two-seaters with meat cleavers
I don't blame you, I wouldn't let Hailie listen to me neither

There's really nothin' else to say ha, I can't explain it
"(I think my dad gone crazy)"
A little help from Hailie jade won't ya tell em', maybe
"(I think my dad gone crazy)"
There's nothing you could do or say that could ever change me
"(I think my dad gone crazy)"
There's no one on earth that can save me, not even Hailie
"(I think my dad gone crazy)"

Crazy
You're funny daddy
Uh nmm
This thing on?
Where'd everybody go?
Uhh

Guess whos back?
Back again
Ken is back
Tell some men

Rub my back
Rub my back
Rub my back
Rub my back, ooh

Wait
Hello?
Uh, goodbye
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ay yo 50
Whut I tell you
We ain't even have to say shit
They did it
Ha ha

Monkey see monkey do
They'll never make the first move
Just let 'em come to you
'Cause they gon always say and do
What the other one do
So let 'em come to you
The rest'll just follow suit
Monkey see monkey do
Tweedle dee tweedle dum
If they really want it bad enough well then it gon' come
Now here they come like we expected
Now we just set 'em up
Check mate motherfucker
Game's over we won
Tweedle dee tweedle dum

Doesnt take much
For me to race up and stank up
When motherfuckers hate your guts
You don't even gotta say much
For me to put a pen to a blank sheet of paper
Like smearin bloodstains with a paint brush
I can't explain what it is my brain does
But however it works its insane just plain nuts
And it ain't just my brain that's dangerous
It's a whole combination of things
It takes nuts
And I'm not afraid to raise the stakes up
I got a million bucks in the bank and eight trucks
For anybody who gets on a track and spanks us
I'm paitently waitin for the day
I'm anxious
To see the look on your fake mugs when you thugs go bankrupt
You're drunk you ain't tough
Whatever you drank musta just turned you into some gangstas
This is me talkin' motherfucker this ain't drugs
You wanna pop shit
Wake up
Then make up
Fuck that
It's to late chump now face up
I pray for the day that someone who spits with the calibur that nas and jay does
Opens up his jaws to say somethin' to rattle my name off
Or rattle the first thing from the top of his brain off
So I can blow the fuckin' dust off of this chainsaw
And give him the surgery that he came for
Till I peel the pain off
I never been shot but I think me and 50 musta been cut from the same cloth
'Cause I've always came off like Ja's chain
When they tried to rush him and lost
And came back and gave him a watch in exchange for it
I don't stop
Only thing that I wait for is the day that I don't gotta report to probate court
Cause ima give you all the reason to hate more
'Cause I've been holdin' my tongue till I got a sprained jaw
Alot of rappers on my list
It just ain't ja
And ima read the motherfucker off come April
You pussies think I went soft cause 8 mile
When I come back
I'll be shootin more than just paint balls
Trust me

Monkey see monkey do
They'll never make the first move
Just let 'em come to you
'Cause they gon always say and do
What the other one do
So let 'em come to you
The rest'll just follow suit
Monkey see monkey do
Tweedle dee tweedle dum
If they really want it bad enough well then it gon' come
Now here they come like we expected
Now we just set 'em up
Check mate motherfucker
Game's over we won
Tweedle dee tweedle dum

Fuckin' dummies
This ain't chess
You playin' motherfuckin checkers
This shit is all day man it's too easy
We playin' chess you playin' checkers
You bout to get your motherfuckin asses jumped
Fuckin' punks
And by the way
We ain't just talkin' to one person
We talkin' to every-motherfuckin-body who wants to bring it
'Cause we bringin' it to anybody who wants to bring it
So bring it
Don't pick up the ball if you don't wanna play man
It's all fucked up now
What the fuck am I s'posed to do now?
Huh?
What the fuck am I s'posed to do?
Haha
Yo we out
(Softly Singing)
There's an intruder in my house
He cut my phoneline, can't dial out
I scream for police, but I doubt
They gonna hear me, when I shout (heh)

A couple of cocktails'll send me to jail
There's a couple of cops hot on my trail but this time
When I get pulled over, there's a Doberman Pincher
And a Pitbull in the seat, these pigs will get bit foolin' wit' me
Quit foolin' wit' me, bitch you're gonna see
No pistol in the seat, why it always gotta be an issue when you're me
And which you're gonna see in the long run, imma be the wrong one
You wanna harass with this limo tinted glass flashin' that flashlight
On my ass, where was you that last night when them assholes
Ran up on my grass, rapper slash actor, kiss the crack of my cracker slash ass
They took away my right to bare arms, what, I'm sposed to fight with bare palms?
Yeah right, they comin' with bombs, I'm comin' with flare guns
We as Americans

We as Americans, us as a citizen, gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been, we better check ourselves
Livin' up in these streets through worse and through better health
Survivin by any means; We as Americans, us as a citizen
We are samaritans, what did we get us in
We better check ourselves, look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America and we are Americans

I'ma make a few bucks, wear a cool vest
Drama hanging over my head like a voodoo hex
I coulda been next to fly over the cookoo's nest
But you know who, with a S tattooed to my chest
But I finessed it, now I got the industry pissy
Ever since me and Dre split it 50/50 on 50
It's funny, we got a buzz spreadin quicker
Then mankin' paper airplanes out of a twenty
Fuck money, I don't rap with dead presidents
I'd rather see the president dead
It's never been said but I set precedents
And the standards and they can't stand it
My name shoulda been bastard, the shit shoulda been plastered
On my forehead with a stamp, I shoulda been blasted
I shoulda been had a cap put in my ass
But I'm too swift and fast for that, I'm past it
I'm too old to go and cruise Gratiot
Fuck that shit! I dun seen how fast this rap shit
Can turn into some pap pap shit that quick
Snap click, but this time I got the fuckin' au-to-ma-tic
And no one gon' test this mind, clack click

We as Americans, us as a citizen, gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been, we better check ourselves
Livin' up in these streets through worse and through better health
Survivin by any means; We as Americans, us as a citizen
We are samaritans, what did we get us in
We better check ourselves, look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America and we are Americans

I got a secret if you can keep it between us
I tuck two Nina's under my jeans, either side of my penis
Under my long johns, under my Sean Johns
One run in with the long arm of the law, I'm long gone
I'ma do five years, no less then that, no questions asked
What might be a good idea, that I stop right here
And quit while I'm ahead, already in the red
Already got a steady infrared meant for my head
A target on my back, bigger problems than that
Bin Laden on my ass, he probably gon' send the task
I ain't gon' even ask, they ain't gon' let me pack
They ain't gon' give me my semi but I got my ... mack

We as Americans, us as a citizen, gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been, we better check ourselves
Livin' up in these streets through worse and through better health
Survivin by any means; We as Americans, us as a citizen
We are samaritans, what did we get us in
We better check ourselves, look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America and we are Americans
The more you put me through
The more it makes me wanna come back to you
You say you hate me, I just love you more
You don't want me, I just want you more

I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
I know it's sad but it's making me happy
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on
Because you love me and I love you more

It's sick but who could ever predict we'd be doin' the same shit
We say that we do it for our baby but we don't, we do it for us
It's lust, 'cause neither one of us trusts each other so we fuck
Till we bust, till cuss each other out, we know what it's about
Shout till I throw you out the house, you throw me out the house
I throw you on the couch, punch you in the mouth
We fist fight till we turn this mother out and apologize after, laughter
Pain, it's insane, we're back in the same chapter again
And it's sad but it's true, when i'm laying here with you
There ain't nothing anyone could ever say or ever do

'Cause the more you put me through
The more it makes me wanna come back to you
You say you hate me, I just love you more
You don't want me, I just want you more

I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
I know it's sad but it's making me happy
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on
Because you love me and I love you more

'Cause I hate you, do you hate me? 
Good, 'cause you're so fuckin beautiful when you're angry
It makes me wanna just take you and just throw you
On the bed and fuck you like I don't even know you

You fuck other people and I FUCK other people
You're a SLUT, but i'm equal, i'm a MUTT, we're both evilin our ways 
but neither one of us would ever admit it
'Cause one of us would have one up on the other so forget it

We can make accusations, people spread rumours
But they ain't got proof, till they do, it's just the two of us
You and me, 'cause any chick can say that she's screwin' me
But you gotta believe it to a degree 'cuz true indeed
If you didn't I wouldn't be hittin', yeah I would 
'Cuz the sex is too damn good, if I ran, who would I run to
That would be this soft and warm? So it's off and on
Usually more off then on but at least we know that we
Share this common bond, you're the only one I can fuck
without a condom on, I hope the only reason that I cope
Is 'cuz of that fact and I can bust in that, and that's why

The more you put me through
The more it makes me wanna come back to you
You say you hate me, I just love you more
You don't want me, I just want you more
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
I know it's sad but it's making me happy
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on
Because you love me and I love you more


I can never understand it, that's why I don't try
From junior high until we both die, you silly hoe why must we try
Is it really so rough that we must always call each other's Billy Goat's Gruff

Try to pull each other's legs until the other begs
We're lying to ourself, that's the beauty of it, yeah
'Cause we truly love each other, that's why we always fight
And all we do is shove each other every other fuckin' night

And it's clear, it ain't gonna change, this pinned up rage
We both have, we both feel like we've been upstaged
By someone else, we both been someone else's someone else
The problem is neither one wants help

It's an addiction
And it can't be fixed, our family's mixed up
There's a baby sister in the mix and it hurts
'Cause the pieces to the puzzle don't fit
And anybody who thinks he knows us doesn't know shit

And they're probably just tired of hearing it all the time on every song
Every lyric and every rhyme, all the hoopla, all of the woopty woo
What you put me through, fuckin' woopty do

But I won't be made a fool of, if this is true love
You wouldn't do what you did last time, you wouldn't screw up
This time, 'cause this time girl i'm tellin you what
You do it again and i'm fuckin' you up 

No matter what you say, what you do
I'ma hunt you down 'till I find you
No matter where you run, i'll be right there
Right behind you in your nightmares

So much for them flowers, and the candy
All the times that you threw it back at me
Told me you hate me, you 'gon hate me more
When you find out you can't escape me, whore

The more you put me through
The more it makes me wanna come back to you
You say you hate me, I just love you more
You don't want me, I just want you more
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
I know it's sad but it's making me happy
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on
Because you love me and I love you more
(Little girl)
I, I wanna grow up toon
Poppa Marshall, will you tell us a bed time story?

(Eminem)
Heeere we gooo
Now once upon a time not long ago
There was a little rapper about to blow
But his album came and it was not good
I think it went letter double pop a wood
So the silly little fans they were mislead
By a nerdy internet computer hip-hop head

"Me and you clef we're gonna make some cash
Grab the silver paint and let's paint my ass"

Hey mister, would ya care ta bear witness ta
The ass-whippin I'm about to administer
To this ass-kissin' little vaginal blista
Stan-abis, little Marshall Mathers sista
Annanis, corner, we have a mister
Not havin' it it's the machinista
Dr. Evil with his bag of tricks for
This little antagonist bag of dick-suckin
Ex LL Cool Jay fan from Windsor
I'm bout to murder little guinea fag Anista
You bastard, I ain't wanna have to diss ya
Canabis, where the fuck you at I miss ya

Can-a-bitch oh can-a-bitch where for art thou can-a-bitch?
Please tell me what happened with that style that you were rappin' with?
Can-a-bitch oh can-a-bitch are you from Los Angeles
New York or just a janitor from Canada? Oh Can-a-bitch

Now at first I ain't really understand this shit
Picture me for a second and imagine it
Chillin' in a bat man chair an relaxin
When all a sudden some bullshit comes across the scanner
It's 'Can-a-bitch' or some Stan lives shit
They creep me out at first man this is sick
But me being just a sick as conflict gets my dick harder than arithmetic
And I know how you jealous ones envy
I shoulda knew better from the first few letters you sent me
The first two letters you were
Tellin' me shit like you respect me like any other regular MC
The third letter you ask
How come I ain't return none of the messages at Shady Records you left me?
The fourth Letter "Slim you really startin to upset me"
The fifth letter told me you were comin' to get me
The sixth letter there's a bomb threat in our building
This crazy mother fucker's really tryin' to kill me
So I went back and read the first few letters
That said some shit about a message you left
Oh shit that's not an "e" that's an "a"
This dude wants to leave me a massage he's gay
Right away I'm on the phone with Dr. Dre
We got a bogey "Marshall I'm on the way"

Can-a-bitch oh can-a-bitch where for art thou can-a-bitch?
Please tell me what happened with that style that you were rappin' with?
Can-a-bitch oh can-a-bitch are you from Los Angeles
New York or just a janitor from Canada? Oh Can-a-bitch

So in two seconds flat Dre's at my crib
Only thing is we both know where this kid lives
And neither one of us have Canadian citizenship
Shit oh Dre wait a mintue that's it
All we gotta do is use a bit of turbo boost
We can fly over the border "Let's go whoosh"
So we're off to Toronto and we're gainin speed
*Pfftt Arghh* What was that? Oh Jermaine Dupre fuck It
Keep goin' no time to waste
Wait backup hit him one more time in case (Okay)
Fuck now he's draggin under the car
Oh well only 30 more thousand miles
Meanwhile me and Dre are tryin' to conversate
Just tryin' to find a reason for the constant hatin'
And tryin' to figure out what happened to Jermaine propaine
"He couldn't have fell of that hard" ain't no way

"What happened to the way you was rappin',
When you was scandalous then Canabis turned into a television evangelist?"

Plus he raps with his regular voice
*Pft, pft, pft, pft* "What was that?" (Pet Shop Boys)
So we pull up to the bridge where he last was spotted
His corpse was still movin but his ass was rotted
He kind of smelled a little like Courtney Love
I figured if I stick him with a fork he's done
So I stapped him twice kept jabbin Christ
He won't die this guy's like a battered wife
He's like Kim he keeps comin' back for more
But he won't fight back I cracked his jaw
Hold up Bis quit foldin up
Punch me in the chest make my shoulders touch
Do somethin' at least one punch line
C'mon till the meter reads 9-9-9-tey-nine percent of my fans are blonde
Bis c'mon answer me man respond
Tell me 'bout the sun, rain, moon and stars
Intergalatic or metaphors from Mars
Raw to the floor raw like Resovoir dogs
Bite another line from Red Man's song
Suddenly the stub of a dead man's arm from a midget
Reaches out from under the car
It's JD, this motherfucker won't die neither
Dre starts sprayin him with cans of Ether *Sshhhh*
We stomped the bitch and then stopmed the bitch again
(Compton) Detroit Bitch talk some shit again
Stomp him (switch feet)
Stomp him (switch again)
Dre all right he's dead dawg quit kickin him
I think Stan-abis jumped off the bridge again (Arghhhhhh... Damn!)
He disappeared yo he's gone he did it again
Yo
Check it out
It's fucked up
'Cause I don't see either one of us budgin'

I'm with-holding my anger
Though id like to be the strangler
Of this punk ass little pussy's punie neck
It's my right to insist
That he acknowledge my existence
But he just displays complete lack of respect
That's when he says to himself as he
Uses his magazines to trash me
As he sits with both his feet up at his desk
Smokes a bag of his weed
And starts imagining things
And he just can't see that hes manically depressed
And in his jealousy and envy
It just whirls him in a frenzy
As he turns on MTV and sees my face
And he don't exist in his world
So he just twists and he twirls
Spirals and spins till he hurls himself into rage
And its destroying him slowly
'Cause he does not even know me
Even though he sees me everywhere he goes
So he just tortures himself
He has no fortune and wealth
So he extorts someone else to get his dough
And now hes acting like a bully
So he tries to push and pull me
But he knows that he can't fool me so hes mad
He has no choice but to scream
And raise his voice up at me
'Cause it annoys him to see that I ain't scared

You ain't no muthafuckin
Buuully
And I ain't bowing to no muthafuckin
Buuully
I won't allow it, ain't no coward to no
Buuully
I'll be damned if I don't stand up to a
Buuully
Fight like a man and throw my hands up to a
Buuully

And I know it must be fuckin' with you emotionally

Now I'm not tryin' to make no more enemies
No more unfortunately
There's so many other muthafuckas that just are
They just keep houndin at me
Now that I'm down wit 50
Suddenly now I got beef with this faggot Ja
But his ass is such a puppet
Irv could shove his whole hand up it
And just make him say what he wants him to say
But Suge has Irv on a string
And Irv's so nervous that he
Says anything to this man to keep him at Bay
So now Ja thinks that hes so tough
And Murder INC's the big bad wolf
And they go huff and puff
And blow our label down
But our buildings made out of bricks
So you ain't takin' our shit
And dawg you just did a song with Bobby Brown
So now you try to pull the race card
And it backfires in your face hard
'Cause you know we don't play that black and white shit
Plus that stylist that you fucked
When you was extacy'd up
Was just a man who's dressed up
As a white bitch

You must be takin' too much eeeeeeeeee

Now what bothers me the most
About hip hop is we so close
To pickin' up where we left off with Big and Pac
We just lost Jam Master Jay
Big L got blasted away
Plus we lost Bugs, Snake Tongue and Freaky Tah
It's like a neverending cycle
That just seems to come full circle
Everybodies gotta be so fuckin' hard
And I'm not excluding myself
'Cause I been stupid as well
I been known to lose it when someone says something smart
But as we grow as men we learn
To let shit go but then again
There's only so much bullshit we can really stand
We all got reps to up hold
When someone steps on our toe
Its no exception it goes for every man
But if Irv really gave a fuck
About Ja like he claims he does
And wake him up and make his boy get off them drugs
They just keep feeding him pills
So if that E doesn't kill him
Someone from G Unit will and I ain't buzzed
Dawg I'm talkin' to you straight
If the situation escalates and worse
Were gonna lose another soldier to this game
And if I get killed for this rap
I got a million in cash
That says I will get you back in Hailey's name

Irv go get your boy up off that Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

Get at me dawg, holla
Good mornin
Haha, wake your mother fuckin' asses up
Hey yo what is the what?
Well come on in, you know what time it is
Stop sleepin' on my group, bitch

For whatever it's worth, it's worth me havin' my ass whipped
'Cause I'ma have the last lips to ever get ass squished
I just can't get past these little pissants
That wanna be brauny bad asses so bad
And they so mad, they can't stand it
'Cause we can and they can't spit (Haawk)
And they can't handle it like a man
And that's when it just happens
And I snap Then it's a wrap, Then it's a scrap
An it isn't rap is it?
Hip-Hop isn't a sport anymore when you got to go and resort back into that shit
Maybe I'm old fashioned but my passion
Is to smash anyone rappin' without havin' a slappin
Believe me I'd much rather lift a pencil than a pistol when I'm pissed now
But it all depends on just how far it get's took on the mic
'Cause I'm tellin' you right now your not gonna like it
'Cause if I get pushed over the edge then I'm pullin you with me
You poke a stick at a bit, boy, you get bit, B
These words stick to you like crazy glue
When you diss me 'cause they just bounce off me like bullets do, 50
I'm the beautiful-est thing and your gonna miss me when I'm gone
Like Kieth Murry when he threw a stool and hit a girl accidentally (argghhh!)
I do this for Swifty
Kon and Kuniva, Bizzy, and Proof are you with me?

(Chorus: Eminem)
Come on in Everybody come on in
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on in
'Cause we get it on un- till the break of dawnin'
Wake your ass up mother fuckers quit yawnin
'Cause we ain't leavin' till 6 in tha mornin
So help us sing along with the words o' the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along then
Fake like you know 'em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on in

(Swifty)
They said of me, the epitome of a beef starter
In a party with heat. It's hard to keep me without one
Fuck snubs, I walk in clubs with a shotgun
Constantly poppin' slugs. they hot son, better not run
The bosses of all bosses, A halocaust to whoever ain't cautious
In a house full of dark shit, I'ma gothic death prophet. yo stop breathin
You die quicker than mach speed without bleedin
It ain't about what you readin
When you meet me better speak like a season's greetins
Either that or we'll be beefin frequent
You n***az need a 'E' just to speak shit
An Your leader is a petite bitch
Keep the heater where you can reach quick
I snipe you with it an won't even keep it a secret
N***a I did it from a mind of a mental patient
When glocks wave you can save that conversation for Satan
You brave?

(Chorus: Eminem)
Well Come on in Everybody come on in
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on in
'Cause we get it on un- till the break of dawnin'
Wake your ass up, mother fuckers. Quit yawnin
'Cause we ain't leavin' till 6 in tha mornin
So help us sing along with the words o' the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along then
Fake like you know 'em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on in

(Kuniva)
Yo yo
I heard you niggas don't like us
But so what this beef is like
"What tha fuck" did he say in his rap Em?
I can see that he just a punk
I mean these niggas'll squeeze on me
Please I'm seeing guts
I don't need no enemies, is my family a couple (???)
Am I (?????)? To emtpy out them (???)
To fight you in front of every reporter that I don't like
No need for metaphors I get points across when I write
Just emotion's enough to say "fuck you bitch, and I don't like you, WHAT?!"
I might as well give this up
But tha'd be selfish as fuck to leave D12 an' it's What?
We can't self destruct
I've never felt it this much
Come on fellas, get up
We got to fight like Bugs last night of his life


(Kon Artis)
I walk with a limp, pistol hangin' off'a tha hip
I'm awkward and quick enough an sick when sparkin a fifth
Your carcas'll split even if beef is partially thick
We can't take you serious, you a comedy skit
You probably wish that you could be out shootin at G's
But the only thing you shoot is the breeze
I can't believe you speaking on movin key's
But every time we hear you kick it
The only thing you sellin is wolf tickets
I look wicked cause n***az'll test your nut sack
So when they bust you better bust back
Or get your guts clapped outta your stomach
And when they want it (yeah)
I bring a hundred n***az from (???)
So get to gunnin if you comin'

(Chorus: Eminem)
Well Come on in Everybody come on in
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on in
'Cause we get it on un- till the break of dawnin'
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
'Cause we ain't leavin' till 6 in tha mornin
So help us sing along with the words o' the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along then
Fake like you know 'em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on in

Get on yo knees nigga, get on yo knees and pray




Em, you claim ya mother's a crackhead and kim is a known slut so what's Hailie gon' be when she grows up?


 Ah-HA! Yeah! C'mon!
G-g-g-g G-Unit! Hailie
 What?
 Come here baby, bring daddy his Oscar
 Okay
 We're gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass!




I'm about to get rid of some hoes, it's simple
I'm quick to murder ink with lead and talkin' 'bout a pencil
Lookit what the fuck you done got into
I see you found yo niche, you just a bitch wit a menstrol
Claimin' you a murderer and you spelled it wrong
You put 'e' before the'd' 'cause that's all you on
You on Pac's dick, you a regular guy
If Pac was still alive you would never get by
All you do is cry, bitch keep it real
Life is more than imitating niggaz and eatin' pills
And kind of muthafucka ruins three deals
That another nigga got you, they didn't see skills
And I ain't playin', you a brother gettin' cheated
And Ja Rule be prayin' on his cover 'cause he need it
And all you niggaz hatin', shut you mouths
It's just that real niggaz ain't buyin' that shit y'all put out

Do-ra-mi, but we don't sing muhfuckas
So Murder Inc. do ya thing muhfuckas
You've unleashed on a team who expects nothin' less
Than R&B comin' from that regime
Regime it's a little extreme
Neck and necks with soldiers, muhfuckin' Marines
Ja sold his soul to sing
Weave eye-witness team on the TV screen, chase the greed
Now that you've embraced the green
Don't fuck with the triple beams
You's a muthafuckin actor slash Pac impersonatin' rapper
Slash Billie Holliday how it happen?
Artist for Repetuar saw him in action
Pac assassination Def Jam grabbed him
Told him reinact him, you go platinum
They seen it for sure, I know that Afina Shakur
Don't enjoy Jeffery Atkins reinactin' her boy
So I'm click-clackin' this toy
Mash and destroy, Shady
Aftermath and Detroit muthafuckas


Do-ra-me, fa-so-la-ti-da
Don't blame me 'cause you lost your boss's spot
Mama-say-mama-sa-ma-macosa
Ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2Pac
Don't make me, too hot and you're not
Shootin' at me, with the only shot you got
Ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2Pac
You'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop


Now we can get past the mean mugs and get to the slugs
To the greivance and the cryin' and the intimate hugs
We don't take you serious nigga you shook you half of a half-way crook, get off X dick, go sing a hook nigga
And you can't replace the late greal one
And when you gone you only gon' be the late fake one
Nigga please, stick to the script
Before the guns stick to the clip, and Benzino you ain't shit but a bitch
Fuckin' old ass ignorant innocent lookin' senior citizen
Built up, slap you like Grimace, all sensitive
Wait a minute, hold on
Is it me or do he look like a banana with braids and clothes on?
A bitch made man, now how you gonna connect with them short ass arms like a tyrannasaurus rex?
You niggaz can scream holler and curse
Go ahead and respond and pull that pen and pad up outta ya purse

Slim did it simple to get at the wankstas
He told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas
What up Gotti and this little war you pushed on
But you?? the?? for sucking your??
What's wrong? Didn't think we strong with real niggaz?
Roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us
It's real business you ain't caught the concept
You talkin' nonsense to walk and find press
Contact was blown by Munsetta in The Source
Threaten at the boss you gon' see me on ya porch
Now Irv got the nerve to try to serve on us
But Detroit niggaz?? and ain't scurred to bust

Word to my nigga Bugs, punks like you get beat up
Stomped unconscious and smacked with the heater
This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils with dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina
Who's behind ya? Cadillic Pac or that transvestite who dress like a Lil Kim fox, her chest like a little windbox
Press tight on the trigger of this glock
Swallow that little shit you got left to help you eat
You knock Pac's songs without love to help you sleep
You got shot in your video tryin' mock Pac
You 'Mockaveli', get your own identity


Yeah!
Don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again!
Fuckin' punk pussy little bitch!
I'll fuck you up boy!
Never! Never in your muthafuckin life!
I'll choke the shit outchu little muthafuckin bitch!
Hailie can whip your muthafuckin ass!


That's right muthafuckas
Shay records, whatchu know about it?
Fuck Benzino, fuck Ja Rule
Nigga, this Obie Triceright here talkin' to you muthafuckas
Ja Rule punk ass... Yeah!
Fuckin' Soul For Real ass...
Nigga that's Soul For Real
That the nigga from Soul For Real!
Candy Rain ass nigga...
He got a deal now he rappin'
You'ont know what's... faggot ass muhfuckas
Get money to all my real niggas, man
Obie Trice, D12, G Unit, 50 Cent...
Hailie Jade!



Daddy is Ja Rule taller than me?

No honey, you guys are the same size...
And everyone should get along

Eminem impersonating Mr. Mackey & Eric Cartman :
Okay children, quiet down, quiet down
Children, I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day
His name is Mr. Shady
Children, quiet down please
Brian, don't throw that (Shut up)
Mr. Shady will be your new substitute while Mr. Kaniff is out with Pneumonia (He's got AIDS)
Good luck Mr. Shady



Hi there, little boys and girls (Fuck you)
Today we're going to learn how to poison squirrels

But first I'd like you to meet my friend Bob (Huh?)
Say hi Bob (Hi Bob), Bob's 30 and still lives with his mom
He don't got a job cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot
But his 12 year old brother looks up to him an awful lot

And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot
And wait in the parking lot for waitresses off the clock
When it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog
Drag 'em in the woods and goes straight to the chopping block

And even if they escaped and they got the cops
The ladies would all be just so afraid they'd drop the charge
Till one night Mrs. Stacy went off the job
When she felt someone grab hold of her face and said not to talk

But Stacy knew it was Bob and said knock it off
But Bob wouldn't knock it off 'cause he's crazy and off his rocker
Crazy good as Slim Shady is off the block, uh
You couldn't even take him to Dre's to give Bob a doctor

Grabbed Stacy by the legs and chopped them off her
And dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her
But ever since the day Stacy went off to wander they never found her
And Bob still hangs at the waffle diner

And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana and what it might do to you
So see if the squirrels want it, it's bad for you

Mr. Mackey impersonation (Eminem):
See children, drugs are bad (come on)
And if you don't believe me ask your dad (raise your hand)
And if you don't believe him ask your mom (that's right)
She'll tell you how she does him all the time (she will)

So kids say no to drugs (that's right)
So you don't act like everyone else does (uh huh)
And there's really nothing else to say (sing along)
Drugs are just bad, m'kay



My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it
Fuck no you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut (huh?)
Speaking of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels
Ecstasy, it's the worst drug in the world

If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it
Kids, two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid
And spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back
So don't get attached it'll attack every bone in your back

Meet Zach, 21 years old
After hanging out with some friends at a frat party, he gets bold
And decides to try five when he's bribed by five guys
And peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it

Suddenly, he starts to convulse, and his pulse
Goes into hyperdrive, and his eyes roll back in his skull
His back arches up, looks like the McDonalds arches
He's on Donald's carpet, layin' horizontal barfin'

And everyone in the apartment starts laughin' at him
"Hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him."
'Cause they took it too, so they think it's funny
So they're laughing at basically nothing, except maybe wasting their money

Meanwhile Zach's in a coma, the action is over
And his back and his shoulders hunched up like he's practicing yoga
And that's the story of Zach: the ecstasy maniac
So don't even feed that to squirrels class, 'cause it's bad for you

Mr. Mackey impersonation (Eminem):
See children, drugs are bad (that's right)
And if you don't believe me ask your dad (that's right)
And if you don't believe him ask your mom (you can)
She'll tell you how she does him all the time (she will)

So kids say no to drugs (smoke crack)
So you don't act like everyone else does (that's right)
And there's really nothing else to say (Uh huh)
Drugs are just bad, m'kay



And last but not least, one of the most humongous
Problems among young people today, is fungus
It grows from cow manure, they pick it out wipe if off bag it up
And you put it right in your mouth and chew it (Yum yum)

And then you start to see some dumb stuff
And everything slows down when you eat some of 'em
And sometimes you see things that aren't there (like what?)
Like fat women in g-strings with orange hair

"Mr. Shady, what's a g-string?", it's yarn Clair
Women stick them up their behinds, go out and wear 'em
And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms
Whoops did I say magic mushrooms, I meant fungus

Your tongue gets, all swole up like a cow's tongue (How come?)
'Cause it comes from a cow's dung
See drugs are bad, it's a common fact
But your mom and dad, know that's all that I'm good at

But don't be me, 'cause if you grow up and go and OD
They're gonna come for me, and I'ma have to grow a goatee
And get a disguise and hide, 'cause it'll be my fault
So don't drugs and do exactly as I don't, because I'm bad for you

Mr. Mackey impersonation (Eminem):
See children, drugs are bad (uh huh)
And if you don't believe me ask your dad (put that down)
And if you don't believe him ask your mom (you can ask)
She'll tell you how she does him all the time (and she will)

So kids say no to drugs (say no)
So you don't act like everyone else does (like I do)
And there's really nothing else to say (that's right)
Drugs are just bad, m'kay

Eminem impersonating Mr. Mackey & Eric Cartman :
Come on children, clap along (Shut up!)
Sing along children (Suck my motherfuckin dick!)
Drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad (South Park is gonna sue me!)
So don't do drugs (Suck my motherfuckin penis!)
So there'll be more for me (Hippie! God damnit!)
(Mushrooms killed Kenny!...Ewww, ah!)
(So, fucked up, right now.)
Psst, hey, listen

I love my job
It makes me feel like, superman
Can you fly, I can, wanna see

I'm only entertaining you, my
Goal is to stimulate making you high
And take you and I, to a place that you can't see
But I believe you can fly

I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partyin'
I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian
Just the man who's on the mic
So let me, entertain you

My lyrical content is constantly under fire
No wonder why I constantly bomb back
To combat attacks with constant concepts
When lyrics constantly took out of context

Failure to communicate with congress
Has, been a problem for the longest I guess
But, maybe one day we can make some progress
Food for thought, see how long it takes to digest

Feeling good when I should be ashamed
Shit I really should've fell but I stood
See I came like a flame in the night
Like a ghost in the dark

There's a ray
There's a light
There's a hope
There's a spark

But when planets collide
They'll never see eye to eye
Until they decide
To set their differences aside

And this is why
Only one of us will survive
So children follow my lead
And feel the vibe because

I'm only entertaining you, my
Goal is to stimulate making you high
And take you and I, to a place that you can't see
But I believe you can fly

I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partyin'
I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian
Just the man who's on the mic
So let me, entertain you

My, music can be slightly amusing
You shouldn't take lyrics so serious, it might be confusing
Trying to separate the truth from entertainment
It's stupid ain't it, I get sick of trying to explain it

See I can sit and argue with you but it goes beyond
Just being a snot, pointy nosed, bleached blonde
'Cause I came here to uplift let your woes be gone
Tell em' to get fucked and just mosey on

Constantly movin', constantly using the constitution
As a form of restitution
Bless the children, nothing less than brilliant
Let me entertain you like Robbie Williams

I'll be here when y'all are gone rebuilding
World revolving, still evolving, still Slim
How many kids will copy, probably millions
But I'ma do this as a fuckin' hobby till then cause

I'm only entertaining you, my
Goal is to stimulate making you high
And take you and I, to a place that you can't see
But I believe you can fly

I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partyin'
I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian
Just the man who's on the mic
So let me, entertain you

My, lyrical content contains subject matter
That sucks up all these fucked up young kids at an
Alarmin' rate, common denominate
Add it up and you'll see that's why I dominate

I try to stimulate, but kids emulate
And mimic every move you make, Slim you're great
But wait, can't you see I'm only here to entertain
I gotta be the one to go against the grain

'Cause man, I see it, feel it, live it but it's inhumane
For me to see you be influenced, and pretend you ain't
But they don't understand that I've been through pain
If you get to know me I can be a friend you gain

But you can't just stand there and try to judge
It hurts, but your jealousy probably tears you up inside as much
And it's such a pleasure every button that I touch
I treasure every glutton that I punish in my lust, but

I'm only entertaining you, my
Goal is to stimulate making you high
And take you and I, to a place that you can't see
But I believe you can fly

I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partyin'
I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian
Just the man who's on the mic
So let me, entertain you
(Feat. Green Lantern)

(Green Lantern:)
Okay, it's about that time again

(Eminem:)
Green Lantern

(Green Lantern:)
That's right

(Eminem:)
G-G-G-G-unnii (burp) Shit
Haha

(Shady)
We back! Invasion, Part 2
The conspiracy

'Cause we ain't gunna never stop, you just keep wastin' you energy on us
You should find something to do with your time (time)
And quit fuckin' with us 'cause we ain't fuckin' with you
And it must be fuckin' with you so much you must be goin' out your mind (mind)

They say I'm a damn way from my entire empire crumbilin'
Speak up your mumbillin'
What the fuck are you so (be, be, be, be, k, k, k, k) okay baby this is Shady I know you is a lil baby and wish we would just go away and we may weeble wobble but we don't fall down like J master J's two turn tables (R.I.P.) our label is just too stable
Your magazine is so mutha fuckin' thin you usin' staples to hold it together
It's turnin' back into a news paper
And y'all got someting for my ass every issue
Thank you 'cause I keep runin outta fuckin' tissue
And not to diss you but god I was sick of lookin' at you
Atleast I can know when nikes' got a new tennis shoe
But I guess no g'news is always good g'news
Movin' on to big, better things (Chickachickacheureh)
50's blowin' up
Missy keeps on throwin' up
What the fuck is goin' on?
Who the fuck is Norah Jones?
Shady wait a minute baby leave the world alone just go up there and be humble and take them another time
Bush has just declared the World a fuckin' war zone
Meanwhile we got a war goin' on of our own at home
My fuckin' minds blown, tryin' to figure out how to fight my own clone
Rhine stones are so nice, they shine so bright especially at night
After a hit of ecstasy ain't that right whoa
Wait a minute I'm ramblin', back to the matter at hand it's Green Lantern
With Elvis Presly the selfish MC back to ruin rap and destroy the industry
Single handedly and oh man did we yeah me an 50, obie me and Twizzy, and Nelly, and Missy, and Jigga god damn it's all a plan devised by the man
It's a conspiracy again fake shit and anybody who can't make hits or dope shit lyrically
So fuck what ya hurd or what you read about
We ain't ruinin' rap baby we just tryna' weed it out
Shady in the place to be see
And I got what it takes to Roc The Mic right
Still keep talking shit to me punk
Cause your magazine is over in less than six months
Hahah, Shady records, still aftermath
And don't think we can hear you muthafuckas talking, 'cause we can't, we don't hear y'all, so we're just gunna sit back for the rest of our lives while you ride our dicks
(50 Cent)
Yeah, Shady, Hahahaha
G G G G G G G G-Unit

(Eminem)
Here we go again

(50 Cent)
Does it make you mad when I switch my flow?
You can't understand how I get my dough
50 Cent I'm on fire cause Shady said so
I'm on fire

Everybody's in a rush try to get the throne
I just get on the track and try to set the tone
I ain't tryna use nobody as a steppin stone
But don't compare me
I'm better off jus' left alone
And I ain't even tryna go there wit record sales
I'm just tryna keep it humble and respect myself
Say what up, keep steppin, and just rep D-12
Keep my nose clean, stay away from weapons, jail
And livin' wreckless
But if you go check my belt
You may see something else I used to protect myself
A vest, to stop a Rueger and deflect the shells
And send 'em back at you faster than they left the barrel
And I don't even carry guns no more, I don't got to
Got undercover cops that'll legally pop you
And I done seen a lot of people cross the line
But this motherfucker Ja musta lost his mind
That X, got him thinkin' he was DMX
Then he switched to 'Pac now he's tryna be him next
So which one are you? X, Luther, Pac or Michael
Juss keep singin' the same song, recycled
We'd all much rather get along and fight you
Me and Hailie danced to your songs we liked you
And you don't really wanna step inside no mic booth
C'mon now, you know the white boy'll bite you
I hurt your pride dawg and you know I don't like to
But I will if I have to, with syllable after syllable I just slap you
Killin' you fasta than you poppin' pill afta little pill of them tabs of that shit you on

But if you want it you got it you'd bump this shit too, if we ain't diss you on it
But if we lock horns we can charge harder than Busta
We bump heads wit any motherfucker that wants to
So what's the, deal where was all the tough talk?
When I walked up to you like, Ja what up dawg?
How come you didn't say you had a problem then?
When you was standin' there wit all your men, we coulda solved this then
I'ma grown man dawg come holla
All you did was slapdance, smile and swallow,
Another one of them little X pills in front of me
And tell me 50 Cent was everything you wanna be come on

(50 Cent)
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You, talk an' you soon will see
You don't wanna bump heads with me
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You, talk an' you soon you will see
You don't wanna bump heads with me

(Tony Yayo)
You couldn't son me if my father helped you
My punchlines is hot, my bars'll melt you
Ja you Stuart Little, shells'll lift you
Every other week I'm buyin a new pistol
I clap at your ass with this chrome 38
And put six through your hats of seven 3/8
Irv you ain't Suge Knight, you should shook night
I put my knife in ya wind pipe and freeze ya on the turnpike
You know and I know who took ya chain
You got robbed two times so ya ass is laid
I'm down to die for this shit all I need is bail
You betta stick to tha movies with Steven Seigel, bitch

(50 Cent)
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You, talk an' you soon will see
You don't wanna bump heads with me
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You, talk an' you soon you will see
You don't wanna bump heads with me

(Lloyd Banks)
Fuck that I'm miles away
And these industry niggas startin' to get outta hand
I'ma find your whereabouts by stompin' 'em out ya man
Tellin' New York, even in Compton they understand
I'm on the block where you was raised doin' chocolate out tha game an'...
They see me more pop a boy for icey 'cause I could
Shootin' guns for money you probably forgot your way around the hood
Bitch when you paranoid it's hard to make a song
Now you want it wit' us, half your artists got to make a point
Every magazine I own your on your knees takin' prayer picture
And you ain't even got shot yet, you scared bitches
You don't know nuttin' about what pain is sucka
I'll put your ass to the ground like a train conductor, muh'fucker

(50 Cent)
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You, talk an' you soon will see
You don't wanna bump heads with me
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You, talk an' you soon you will see
You don't wanna bump heads with me

(Tony Yayo)
Yeah nigga yeah
Shady Aftermath G-Unit
Fuck you think they call us G Unit for
'Cause we move units uhha
Don't think we ain't billin you for this motherfucking studio time
A matter a fact keep call it a 50 we'll call it even
Look, if you had one shot or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted in one moment...
Would you capture it or just let it slip?

(Yo) His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting

What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's chokin' how, everybody's jokin' now
The clocks runs out, time's up, over, blow

Snap back to reality, oh, there goes gravity, oh
There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad but he won't
Give up that easy no, he won't have it he knows
His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter he's dope

He knows that but he's broke, he's so stagnant he knows
When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again yo, this whole rhapsody
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (You better)

His soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking, make me king
As we move toward a new world order
A normal life is boring, but super-stardom's

Close to postmortem, it only grows harder
Only grows hotter, he blows us all over
These hoes is all on him, coast to coast shows
He's known as the Globetrotter, lonely roads God only knows

He's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home, and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose, 'cause here goes the cold water
These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product

They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose dove and sold nada, so the soap opera
Is told and unfolds, I suppose it's old partna'
But the beat goes on, da da dum da dum da da da dum

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (You better)

No more games, I'mma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfuckin' roof off, like two dogs caged
I was playin' in the beginning, the mood all changed
I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage

But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cipher
Best believe somebody's payin' the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my nine to five

And I can't provide the right type of
Life for my family, 'cause man these goddamn
Food stamps don't buy diapers
And there's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life

And these times are so hard, and it's getting even harder
Tryin' to feed and water my seed, plus teeter-totter
Caught up between bein' a father and a Prima Donna
Baby mama drama screamin' on and too much for me to wanna

Stay in one spot, another day of monotony
Has gotten me to the point I'm like a snail I've got
To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfuckin' option, failure's not

Mom I love you, but this trailer's got to go
I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot
So here I go, it's my shot, feet fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (You better)

You can do anything you set your mind to, man.
Where's my snare?
I have no snare in my headphones
There you go
Yeah
Yo, yo

Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have, I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind

All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans explodin'
Tempers flarin' from parents just blow 'em off and keep goin'
Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as I'm breathin'
Keep kickin' ass in the mornin' and takin' names in the evenin'

Leavin' with a taste as sour as vinegar in their mouth
See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now, I bet ya probably sick of me now
Ain't you, mama? Imma make you look so ridiculous now

I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet, one more time

I said, I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you 
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet, ha

I got some skeletons in my closet and I don't know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it, imma expose it
I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum sellin' CD

I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must've had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No I don't owe him a second thought, I just fuckin' wished he would die

I look at Hailie and I couldn't picture leavin' her side
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake, I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face 'em today

What I did was stupid, no doubt, it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets outta that gun
'Cause I'd have killed 'em, shit, I woulda shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show

I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet, one more time

I said, I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet

Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen, 'fore you think this record is dissin'
But put yourself in my position, just try to envision
Witnessin' your mama poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen

Bitchin', that someone's always goin' through her purse and shit's missin'
Goin' through public housin' systems, victim of M&#xFC;nchhausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick, when I wasn't
Till I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to ya stomach, doesn't it?

Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, ma?
But guess what, ya gettin' older now and it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growin' up so quick he's going to know that you're phony

And Hailie's getting so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral
See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch do your song, keep telling yourself, that you was a mom

But how dare you try to take when you didn't help me to get
You selfish bitch, I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well guess what: I am dead - dead to you as can be!

I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet, one more time

I said, I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you 
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
Where's my snare?
I have no snare in my headphones
There you go
Yeah
Yo, yo

Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have, I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind

All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans explodin'
Tempers flarin' from parents just blow 'em off and keep goin'
Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as I'm breathin'
Keep kickin' ass in the mornin' and takin' names in the evenin'

Leavin' with a taste as sour as vinegar in their mouth
See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now, I bet ya probably sick of me now
Ain't you, mama? Imma make you look so ridiculous now

I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet, one more time

I said, I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you 
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet, ha

I got some skeletons in my closet and I don't know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it, imma expose it
I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum sellin' CD

I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must've had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No I don't owe him a second thought, I just fuckin' wished he would die

I look at Hailie and I couldn't picture leavin' her side
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake, I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face 'em today

What I did was stupid, no doubt, it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets outta that gun
'Cause I'd have killed 'em, shit, I woulda shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show

I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet, one more time

I said, I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet

Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen, 'fore you think this record is dissin'
But put yourself in my position, just try to envision
Witnessin' your mama poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen

Bitchin', that someone's always goin' through her purse and shit's missin'
Goin' through public housin' systems, victim of M&#xFC;nchhausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick, when I wasn't
Till I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to ya stomach, doesn't it?

Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, ma?
But guess what, ya gettin' older now and it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growin' up so quick he's going to know that you're phony

And Hailie's getting so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral
See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch do your song, keep telling yourself, that you was a mom

But how dare you try to take when you didn't help me to get
You selfish bitch, I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well guess what: I am dead - dead to you as can be!

I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet, one more time

I said, I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you 
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady

(Ahem. Excuse me! Can I have the attention of the class for one second?)

Hi, kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah-yeah-yeah!)
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?)

My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin' to get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Umm...)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!"
Uh-uh! "Then why's your face red? Man, you wasted!"

Well, since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else
'Cause I hung my original self, from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off, and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard, I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross

I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch, who sat down too fast
C'mere slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg!)
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off!

Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady

My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser
Chased him with a stapler, stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Ow-w-w-w!)

Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
Extra-terrestrial, running over pedestrians
In a spaceship, while they're screamin' at me, "Let's just be friends!"

Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out, my mom does more dope than I do (Damn!)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doin' drugs and name it after her (Oh, thank you!)

You know you blew up when the women rush the stands
And try to touch your hands like some screamin' Usher fans (Ahh! Ahhhhh!)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole!'

Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady

Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate!
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that!)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive (Huh, yup!)

Am I comin' or goin'? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops!)

Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (Hahh-too)
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere)
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How ya gonna breastfeed me, mom?! You ain't got no tits! (Waah, wahh!)

I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
Put a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang!)
I'm steamin' mad, (Arrhh!) and by the way when you see my dad (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had

Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Who?) My name is...
(Huh?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady

As heard on: Curtain Call: The Hits

My English teacher wanted to have sex in junior high, the only problem was, my English teacher was a guy

Extra-terrestrial, killin' pedestrians, rapin' lesbians, while they screamin' "Let's just be friends!
Eminem
I ain't gonna eat, I ain't gonna sleep
Ain't gonna breathe, till I see, what I wanna see
And what I wanna see, is you go to sleep in the dirt
Permanently, you just being hurt, this ain't gonna work

For me, it just wouldn't be sufficient enough
'Cause we are just gonna be enemies
As long as we breathe, I don't ever see either of us
Coming to terms, where we can agree

There ain't gonna be no reason speakin' wit' me
You speak on my seed, then me, no speakin' Englais
So we gonna beef and keep on beefin', unless
You're gonna agree to meet with me in the flesh

And settle this face to face and you're gonna see
A demon unleashed in me that you've never seen
And you're gonna see this gangsta pee on himself
I see you D-12 and thanks but me need no help

Me do this one all by my lonely, I don't need fifteen of my homies
When I see you, I'm seeing you, me and you only
We never met but best believe you gon' know me
When I'm this close to see you exposed as phony

Come on, bitch, show me, pick me up, throw me
Lift me up, hold me just like you told me
You was gonna do, that's what I thought, you're pitiful
I'm rid of you, all you, Ja, you'll get it too

Now go to sleep bitch
Die, mothafucka, die (Uh)
Time's up bitch close ya eyes
Go to sleep, bitch (What?)
Why are you still alive
How many times I gotta say, close ya eyes

And go to sleep bitch (What?)
Die motherfucker die
Bye bye, motherfucker, bye bye
Go to sleep bitch (What?)
Why are you still alive?
Why, die motherfucker, ah, ah, ah
Go to sleep bitch

Obie Trice
We got you niggaz, nervous on purpose
To hurt your focus, you's not MC's, you's worthless
You's not them G's, you's a circus, you's no appeal, please
You's curtains you use words cool heard slurred in two thousand third

You's purpin', you's no threat, who's ya servin'
We lyrically oughta bury you beneath the dirt when
You fuck with a label overseein' the Earth
Shady muthafucka, O. Trice's birth

And as I mold, I become a curse
So we can put down the verse, take it to the turf
Cock and squeeze and he who reach the hearse is he who
Depicts fiction in his verse

And as I breathe, and you be deceased
The world believe you deceived just to speak
You's not the streets, you's the deaths

Use not your chest nigga, use a vest
Before two's choose ya rest, you chose death
Six feet deep, nigga, that's the depth

Now go to sleep bitch
Die, mothafucka, die (Uh)
Time's up bitch close ya eyes
Go to sleep, bitch (What?)
Why are you still alive
How many times I gotta say, close ya eyes

And go to sleep bitch (What?)
Die motherfucker die
Bye bye, motherfucker, bye bye
Go to sleep bitch (What?)
Why are you still alive?
Why, die motherfucker, ah, ah, ah
Go to sleep bitch

DMX
Hey dog, I'ma walk like a beast, talk like the streets
I'ma stay blazin' New York wit' the heat
Stalk on the beat, walk wit' my feet
Understand my pain, the rain ain't sweet

Peep how I'm moving, peep where I'm going
Shit don't seep, then sleep not knowin'
But I'ma keep growing, getting larger than life
Easy going with the same one, that started the fight

He be knowing how dog get, when dog gon' bite
Tried to show him the dog shit, it's dog for life
Grand champ, and my Blood Line is tight
'Cause it's all good, it's all right

Niggas tried to holla, but couldn't holla back
Now they gots to swallow, everything in the sac
Blood Line and we can go track for track
Damn dog, why did you have to do them niggas like that?

Now go to sleep bitch
Die, mothafucka, die (Uh)
Time's up bitch close ya eyes
Go to sleep, bitch (What?)
Why are you still alive
How many times I gotta say, close ya eyes

And go to sleep bitch (What?)
Die motherfucker die
Bye bye, motherfucker, bye bye
Go to sleep bitch (What?)
Why are you still alive?
Why, die motherfucker, ah, ah, ah
Go to sleep bitch

All you motherfuckers, take that
Here, take this too, bitch, uh, uh, uh, uh, wahoo
We're killin' all you motherfuckers dead, all you
Fake ass gangsters, no more press, no more press

Rot, motherfuckers, rot
Decay, in the dirt, bitch
In the motherfucking dirt
Die nameless, bitch, die nameless, no more fame
Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha
Yo X, come on man, Obie, let's go, ha ha
I got 50 Cent
I got G-Unit
D-Twizzyin this bitch
With Obie Triiiiice
So watch what you say
Before you call our name
If you say one more thing
It won't be nice

Here we go
I shoulda known
I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit sooner or later
You little haters are too jellous of us to love us
You ain't it
G-Unit made it
And Obie's comin'
D-Twizzy's comin'
You sick to your stomach
50% is 50-Cent
The other 50% is who's color skin it is
Don't even consider takin' our label down
You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it
But I ain't tryin' to get too intriqette into it
I'm just tryin' to give you a little hint for your own benefit
'Cause then it's gunna get to the point where it escalates into some other shit
Then I'm a flip
Then I'm a get to stompin in my Air Force One's
Won't be able to tell if it's two pairs or it's one
It's gunna feel like there's so many feet kickin you
You think that Nike just made these into cleat tennis shoes
I don't know what it is or what it could be
But I get a woody when these pussy's try to push me
Thinkin' they gon' put me in the position to pickle me
Y'all tickle me pink
I think I'd just rather have pink tiggle me
Hickory dickory dock tickoty tock tickety a little bit of the diggity dock diggity
Mixed with a little bit of the jigga-ja-jigga
With a small pinch of Biggie
Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggity

We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
'Cause we gon' fuck around and kill your label
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, Shady Records, we the label fa sho
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
We gon' fuck around and steal your people
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, Shady Records, we the label fa sho

Shady in the place to be seen
And I got what it takes to rock the mic RIGHT!
Still watch what you say to me punk 'cause I'm off probation in less then 6 MONTHS!
Ha ha whoo
Shady Records
Still Aftermath
And don't thik we don't hear you mutha fucka's talkin'
We see y'all
But we just gon' sit back for a minute and watch what the fuck y'all do
(Dr. Dre)
Marshall, sounds like an S.O.S.

(Eminem)
Holy wack unlyrical lyrics Andr&#xE9;, you're fucking right!

(Dr. Dre)
To the rap mobile, let's go! 

(Lady)
Marshall!
Marshall!

(Eminem)
Bitches and gentlemen
It's showtime
Hurry, hurry step right up
Introducing the star of our show; his name is&#x2026;

(Lady)
Marshall!

(Eminem)
You wouldn't wanna be anywhere else in the world right now
So without futher ado, I bring to you&#x2026;

(Lady)
Marshall! 

(Eminem)
Your 'bout to witness hip-hop in its most purest
Most rawest form, flow almost flawless
Most hardest, most honest known artist
Chip off the old block, but old doc is back

Looks like Batman brought his own Robin
Oh god, Sadam's got his own Laden
With his own private plane, his own pilot
Set to blow college dorm room doors off the hinges

Oranges, peach, pears, plums, syringes
Vrrm, vrrm, yeah, here I come, I'm inches
Away from you, dear fear none
Hip-hop is in a state of 9-11, so

Let's get down to business 
I don't got no time to play around. What is this?
Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down
On these clowns. Can I get a witness?

(Dr. Dre)
(Hell yeah!)

(Eminem)
Let's get down to business 
I don't got no time to play around. What is this?
Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down
On these clowns. Can I get a witness?

(Dr. Dre)
(Hell yeah!)

(Eminem)
Quick; gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles
Gee wilikers, Dre, holy bat syllables
Look at all the bullshit that goes on in Gotham
When I'm gone. Time to get rid of these rap criminals

So skip to your lou, while I do what I do best 
You ain't even impressed no more; you used to it 
Flows too wet, nobody close to it 
Nobody says it, but still everyone knows the shit

The most hated on out of all those who say they get hated on
In eighty songs and exagerate it all so much 
They make it all up; there's no such thing 
Like a female with good looks who cooks and cleans

It just means so much more to so much more
People when you're rappin', and you know what for 
The show must go on, so I'd like to welcome ya'll
To Marshall and Andr&#xE9;'s carnival. C'mon now!

Let's get down to business 
I don't got no time to play around. What is this?
Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down
On these clowns. Can I get a witness?

(Dr. Dre)
(Hell yeah!)

(Eminem)
Let's get down to business 
I don't got no time to play around. What is this?
Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down
On these clowns. Can I get a witness?

(Dr. Dre)
(Hell yeah!)

(Eminem)
It's just like old times: the dynamic duo 
Two old friends; why panic? You already know
Who's is fully capable, the two capped heroes
Dial straight down the center 8-0-0

You can even call collect, the most feared duet 
Since me and Elton played career Russian Roulette
And never even seen me blink or get to busting a sweat 
People stepping over people just to rush to the set

Just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely
Ease over these beats and be so breezy
Jesus, how can shit be so easy?
How can one Chandra be so Levy?

Turn on these beats MC's dont see me
Believe me, BET and MTV
Are gonna grieve when we leave, dawg fo' sheezy
Can't leave rap alone; the game needs me

Till we grow beards, get weird, and disappear 
Into the mountains; nothing but clowns down here
But we ain't fucking around 'round here 
Yo, Dre! (What up?) Can I get a "hell yeah"? (Hell yeah!)

Let's get down to business 
I don't got no time to play around. What is this?
Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down
On these clowns. Can I get a witness?

(Dr. Dre)
(Hell yeah!)

(Eminem)
Let's get down to business 
I don't got no time to play around. What is this?
Must be a circus in town; let's shut that shit down
On these clowns. Can I get a witness?

(Dr. Dre)
(Hell yeah!)

(Eminem)
So there you have it folks 

(Lady)
Marshall!

(Eminem)
Has come to save the day
Back with his friend Andr&#xE9;
And to remind you that bullshit does not pay
Because

(Lady)
Marshall!

(Eminem)
And Andr&#xE9; are here to stay and never go away
Until our dying day, until we're old and gray

(Lady)
Marshall!

(Eminem)
So until next time friends 
Same blonde hair, same rap channel
Good night everyone; thank you for coming
Your host for the evening

(Lady)
Marshall!

(Eminem)
Oh, hah
50 Cent
Ay EM you know my favorite white boy right
I... I owe you for this one

50 Cent
I've been patiently waiting
For a track to explode on (yeah)
You can get stunned if you want
And yo ass'll get rolled on (it's 50)
It feels like my flow's
Been hot for so long (yeah)
If you thinkin' I'm a fuckin' fall off you're so wrong (it's 50)

50 Cent
I've been pacing in my head
Like a baby born dead
Destination heaven
Sittin' politic with passengers from 9-11
The Lords blessing left me lyrically incline
Shit I ain't even got to try to shine
God's a seamstress who tailorfitted my pain
I got scriptures in my brain
I can spit at your dame
Straight out the good book
Look niggas is shook
50 fear no man warrior
Swing swords like Conan
Picture me pen in hand
Write lines knowin' The Source will quote it
When I die they'll read this
And say a genius wrote it
I grew up witout my pops
Should that make me bitter
I caught cases and cocked out
Does that make me a quitter
In this white man's world
I'm similar to a squirrel
Lookin' for a slut
Wit a nice but to get a nut
If I get shot today my phone will stop ringing again
These industry niggas ain't friends
They know how to pretend


Eminem
You've been patiently waiting
To make it through all the hate
Debating whether or not
You can even weather the storm
As you lay on the table
They operating to save you
It's like an angel came to you
Sent from the heavens above

They think they crazy
But they ain't crazy lets face it
Shit basically they just playing sick
They ain't shit they ain't saying shit
Spray umh 50 
A to the K get in the way
I bring Dre and them wit me
And turn this day into fucking mayhem
You staying wit me?
Don't let me lose you
I'm not trying to confuse you
When I let loose wit this Uzi
And just shoot through your Izuzu
You get the message
Am I getting through to you
You know it's coming
You motherfuckers don't even know do you
Take some BIG and some Pac
And you mix them up in a pot
Sprinkle a lil "BIG L" on top
What the fuck do you got?
You got the realest and illest killers
Tied up in a knot
The juggernauts of this rap shit
Like it or not it's like a fight to the top
Just to see who die for the spot
You put your life in this
Nothing like surviving a shot
Y'all know what time it is
Soon as 50 signs on this dot
Shit what you know about death threats
'Cause I get a lot
Shady Records was 80 seconds
Away from the towers
Some cowards fucked with the wrong building
They meant to hit ours
Better evacuate all children
Nuclear showers there's nothing spookier
Your now about to witness the power of fuckin' 50


It's the Gun Squad here
And you hear the shots go off
(It's 50, They say It's 50)
You see a nigga laid out
Wit his fucking top blown off
(It's 50, Man that wasn't 50)
They don't holla my name

50 Cent
You shouldn't throw stones
If you live in a glass house
And if you got a glass jaw
You should watch your mouth
'Cause I'll break your face
Have you ass runnin'
Mumbling to the J
Your going against me dogg
You makin' a mistake
I split yo lip
You lookin' like them
Michael Jackson jackets
Wit all them zippers
I'm the boss on this boat
You can call me Skipper
The way I turn the money over
You should call me Flipper
Your bitch a regular bitch
Your callin' her wifey
I fucked her feed her fast food
You keepin' her Icee
I'm down to sell records
But not my soul
Snoop said this in '94
"We don't love them hoe's"
I got pennies for my thoughts
Now I'm rich
See the 20's spinnin'
Lookin' mean on the 6
Nigga's wearin flags
'Cause the colors match they clothes
The get caught in the wrong hood
And filled up with holes
Muthafucka'
It's all bad now man, it's all bad
It's all fucked up now
Yeah ha ha, new shit, hey yo
I just want the whole world to know:
That I did not start this, but I will finish it

Comin' up it never mattered was color you was
If you could spit then you could spit, that's it, that's what it was
Back when, motherfuckers was straight back packin
Cypherin, fightin for life in this rap
For the mic to get past and you psyched and you gasped
And you hyped 'cause you last and you might whoop some ass
If you lost then you lost shake hands like a man
And you swallowed it, when the unsigned hype column
At The Source was like, the only source of light
When the mics used to mean somethin', a four was like
You were the shit, now it's like the least you get
Three and a half now just means you a piece of shit
Four and a half or five, means you Biggie, Jigga, Nas,
Or Benzino shit I don't eben think you realize
You playin' with motherfuckers lives, I done watched Dre
Get fucked on The Chronic, probably 'cause I was on it
Now you fucked me outta my mics twice I let it slide
I said I wouldn't hold my fuckin' breath to get a five
Shit I was right, I'da fuckin' died already tryin'
I swear to God I never lie I bet that's why
You let that bitch give me that bullshit review
I sat and took it, I ain't look at the shit we knew
You'd probly try to fuck us with Obie and 50 too
{(::Haach-poo::)}
Fuck a relationship we through
No more Source with street credit, them days is dead
Ray's got A-Ks to Dave May's head
Every issue there's an eight page Made Men spread
Will somebody please tell whoever braids his head
That I am not afraid, hes just a fuckin' waste of lead
On my pencil, for me to write some shit this simple
So listen closely, as I break it down and proceed
This old Gs bout to get smoked like rolled weed
You don't know me or my motherfuckin mother you motherfuckin punk
Put me on your fuckin' cover just sell your little sell out mag
I ain't mad I feel bad, heres an ad, heres a poster of Ray-Ray and his dad
You wanna talk about some shit that you don't know about? ya
Lets talk about how your puttin' you own son out there
And to try to eat off him, 'cause you missed your boat
Your never gonna float bitch you're just too old
No wonder you're sore now, lordy ya board now
I'm pushin thirty you kickin forty's door down
Bitch this is war now, and you'll never beat me
All you do is cheat me out of quotables but you know
That you'll always see me on your TV
'Cause you gotta stay up till three in the mornin
To see your video played once on BET
So he-he-he who has the last laugh?
Aftermath ya so on behalf on our whole staff
Kiss our ass-hole cracks we'll never fold or hold back
Just know that Benzinos wack
No matter how many times I say he's stan, hell never blow jack
Your better off tryin' to bring R-S-O back
Look at your track record that's how far it goes back
Its extortion and Ray owns a prportion
So half of the staff up there is fresh outta jail from boston
Bullyin and bossin, caged like a slave they've completely brainwashed him
And forced him to stay locked in his own office afraid of the softest
Fakest, wannabe gangster in New York
And its pitiful, 'cause I never woulda said shit to you if you'd kept your mouth shut
Bitch now what? hit it clue, spit it slay
New shit, exclusive yo lantern, yo whoo kid
You know what to do with this: use it
I'm through, this is stupid, I can't believe I stooped to this
Bullshit to do this...

And who you callin a bitch? Bitch. You owe me.
(Bizarre) 
'The Rap Game'
Hip-hop 1-0-1
The hardest 9 to 5 you will ever have
You can't learn this shit in no history-book
You ready to rap motherfucker?
You ready to sell your soul?
'The Rap Game' Motherfucker

(Swifty) 
I'm a disruptive nigger
You made me crazy
You should a slayed me as a baby
Behavin' shadier than Wes Craven
And you ain't even gotta pay me
I take pleasure of layin' a nigga down daily

You face me drunk of sober, you'll faint fast
I'm never fucked up to where I can't whoop your ass
Your neck will get snapped wit bear hands, fuck music
Is he rappin' is cool but fool don't confuse it

What happens these dudes get rude and then I lose it?
I'm scandals, I blow your two kids off the atlas
With a gat that's bigger than Godzilla's back nigga
You are not real and in fact 
Your fruity effect of a crack dealer

Y'all president sends me smack
Den got a mack 10 with it
So I ain't gotta rap
But I'm thankful for that
Don't mistaken me black
Or you be stankin' in back of a fuckin' Cadillac

(Eminem) 
I'ma get snuffed
'Cause I ain't said enough to pipe down
I pipe down when the White House is whiped out
When I see that 'lil Cheany dike get sniped out
Lights out, bitch, adios, goodnight

Now put that in your 'lil pipe and bite down
Think for a minute 'cause the hype has died down
That I won't go up in the oval office right now
And flip whatever ain't tied down upside down

I'm all for America, fuck the government
Tell that C. Doloris Tucker slut to suck a dick
Motherfucker, duck, what the fuck, son of a bitch
Take away my gun and I'm a tuck some other shit

Can't tell me shit about the tricks of this trade
Switch blade with a li'l switch to switch blades
Switch from a 6 to a 16 inch blade
Shits like a samurai sword, a sensei

Shit just don't change to this day
I'm this way still till I utslay itchbay
Ucksay my ickday
'Scuse my igpay atinlay
But uckfay a igpay

(50 Cent)
This Rap Game
This Rap Game
I ain't sellin' my soul for this rap game
I ain't diggin' a hole for this rap game
This Rap Game
This Rap Game
I ain't sellin' my soul for this rap game
I ain't diggin' a hole for this rap game

Man I'm tellin' ya, no it ain't happenin'
This Rap Game
This Rap Game
I ain't sellin' my soul for this Rap Game
I ain't diggin' a hole for this Rap Game
This Rap Game
This Rap Game

(Kon Artis) 
I bet you rather me
Drink and drown in my own iniquity
But fuck that, I'ma rap 'til you all get sick of me
And clutch my nut sack and spit on who pick on me
I'm hittin' a rock next, fuck a dogg who sickin' me

I'm sayin' you motherfuckers don't know and quit playin'
If I'm broke then I'm brakin' open the place where you layin'
You know, same shit every nigga done in his life
I lived it, that's why I speak on what I want when I write

So why should I ever fear another man
If he bleed like I, bleed, take a piss and he stand
Ok, you win, you can say we can't rap
But no source never mean we ain't buyin' on what they say is wack

(Kuniva)
I walk in the party and just start bustin'
Right after I hear the last verse, I'm self-destruction
This liquor make me wanna blast the chrome
To let you know the time without Morris Day and Jerome

I'm low down and shifty, quickly, called Swifty
To do a drive by on a 10-speed with "50"
You feelin' lucky? Squeeze
I catch you outside of Chucky Cheese
Well, just see, who be an unlucky G

My life style is unstable, a partyin' addict
They said no fightin' in the club so I brought me a matic
Coughin' ecstatic, I jump niggas, call me a rabbit
Popin' a tablet and guns that saw you in half

(50 Cent)
Believe me
We run this rap shit fo shizzie
Make makin' millions look easy
Every where ya turn you see me, you hear me

Believe me
For ya see my pistol in 3-D
No time to call a peace treaty
Dial 911 cause you need de
Police to help you, believe me

(Proof)
I snatch the tongue from the sidewalk and piss on the curb
This is absurd, these street niggas twistin' my words
We finally could say goodbye to Hollywood
Cause Proof and Shaun share nuttin' in common

The nastiest band with gats in each hand
We never bomb down to be a flash and a pan
No remorse, fuck you stature, dogg
Nuttin' to do with hands when I clap at y'all

Put your jaw on the ground with the 4 and a pound
I'm goin' out of town for the long come around
So we can battle with raps, we can battle with gats
Matter fact, we can battle with plaques

(50 Cent)
This Rap Game

(Bizarre)
I'm too fuckin' retarded
I don't give a fuck about my dick
That's why I'm datin' Loraina Bobbet
My crew had an argument
Who was the largest
Now they all is dead
And I'm rollin' as a solo artist

Plus I made all the beats and wrote all the raps
Well, I really didn't, but I did accordin' to this contract
I was stoned in the snow with no where to go
Freezin' 20 below forced to join Bell Biv Devoe

My little girl, she shouldn't be listenin' to these lyrics
That's why I glued the headphones to her ear to make sure she hear it
If rap don't work, I'm startin' a group with Garth Brooks (hahhaha)
50, sing the hook

(50 Cent)
This Rap Game
This Rap Game
I ain't sellin' my soul for this Rap Game
I ain't diggin' a hole for this Rap Game
Man I'm tellin' ya, no it ain't happenin'
This Rap Game
This Rap Game
I ain't sellin' my soul for this Rap Game
I ain't diggin' a hole for this Rap Game
This Rap Game
This Rap Game
I need you pray for me and
I need you to care for me and
I need you to want me to win,
I need to know where I'm headed,
'Cause I know where I been

Flows, bones crushin', it's nothin'
I come up with sum'n
Come through your strip, frontin', stuntin'
It's sum'n you want
745 chrome spinnin's,
Haters hate that I'm winnin'
Man, I been hot from the beginnin'

Muthafuckas, envy the kid
Control your jealousy
'Cause I can't control ma temper
I'm in to catch a felony
Pistol in hand, homie
I'm down to get it top
Who wants to squeeze da first shot
You know I ain't stop, till ma clip is empty
I'm simply,
Not that nigga used to try your luck,
What da fuck, wait--
Holla tip shells is strup
Wit' yo bones broke, gun smokin', still open,
What-nigga lay yo ass down, paramedics get ya up

Right now, I'm on da edge
So don't push me
I aim straight fo' yo head
So don't push me
Fill yo ass up with lead
So don't push me
I got sum'n fo' yo ass, keep thinkin' I'm pussy

Right now, I'm on da edge
So don't push me
I aim straight fo' yo head
So don't push me
Fill yo ass up with lead
So don't push me
I got sum'n fo' yo ass, keep thinkin' I'm pussy

I almost lost my bigga nigga, and
I didn't cry
Too young to understand
The consequences of a man
Livin' a lie, I,
Gotta get that money, I be damnin' from bummin'
Gotta watch my back around these niggas
'Cause they fun in 20 years
And watchin' ma momma tears, got me heated
Heavenly weeded
Smokin' that bomb, 'cause I need it
These niggas don't want me ballin' they want me buried
Balled in the dirt from shots flurried
Layin' wit' bombs all on my shirt
I got plans to hop up in da Hummer
'Cause I'm a stunner
I sit back and wonder
When dem angels gon' call my number
Under
My chest is a heart of a lion, lion, lion
Pound me, honeys got me flyin'
Wit' my iron
Eyes are giant
I'm runnin' from nothin'
My stomach is touchin'
While I'm clutchin'
To give you more than a concussion
End the discussion
My brothers told me so I'm bolder
And to see a solder
Hurt on my shoulder
Look in the mirror
I see a soldier

Right now, I'm on da edge
So don't push me
I aim straight fo' yo head
So don't push me
Fill yo ass up with lead
So don't push me
I got sum'n fo' yo ass, keep thinkin' I'm pussy

Right now, I'm on da edge
So don't push me
I aim straight fo' yo head
So don't push me
Fill yo ass up with lead
So don't push me
I got sum'n fo' yo ass, keep thinkin' I'm pussy

These are my ideas, this is my sweat and tears
This I shit that I saw with my eye balls, my ears
This is me who's gotta be
What you see on TV
What you hear on CD
What appears easy
Man, these teeny-boppers see me on these magazine covers
In these beanies, in these rags
Live in fantasies, frontin'
Like it's all fun 'n' games,
Till the shoot-'em-up, bang
And you see your brains hang,
And you see we ain't playin',
Ain't sayin' we ain't layin' down at night 'n' ain't prayin'
I bullied my way in this game
And I'm done playin', man
I'm done sayin' that I'm done playin'
I'ma start, layin' any of dese, mothafuckin' cocksuckas
There's no way I'ma back down like a god damn coward,
I can't
How would I look as a man, bowin' to his knees,
Like the mad cow disease
Let somebody lash out at me,
And not lash back out at 'em
Please,
Oh, whoa, yo, ho, hold up, oh no, not me, not Marshall
You wanna see Marshall?
I'll show you Marshall
I try to show you art, but you jus' pick it apart
So I see I hafta start
Showin' you fuckin' old farts
A whole other side,
I wanted to not show you,
So you know you not
Dealin' with some fuckin' marshmallow
Little, soft, yellow, punk pussy whose heart's Jell-o (kuz)

Right now, I'm on da edge
So don't push me
I aim straight fo' yo head
So don't push me
Fill yo ass up with lead
So don't push me
I got sum'n fo' yo ass, keep thinkin' I'm pussy
Look, if you had one shot or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted in one moment...
Would you capture it or just let it slip?

(Yo) His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting

What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's chokin' how, everybody's jokin' now
The clocks runs out, time's up, over, blow

Snap back to reality, oh, there goes gravity, oh
There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad but he won't
Give up that easy no, he won't have it he knows
His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter he's dope

He knows that but he's broke, he's so stagnant he knows
When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again yo, this whole rhapsody
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (You better)

His soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking, make me king
As we move toward a new world order
A normal life is boring, but super-stardom's

Close to postmortem, it only grows harder
Only grows hotter, he blows us all over
These hoes is all on him, coast to coast shows
He's known as the Globetrotter, lonely roads God only knows

He's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home, and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose, 'cause here goes the cold water
These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product

They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose dove and sold nada, so the soap opera
Is told and unfolds, I suppose it's old partna'
But the beat goes on, da da dum da dum da da da dum

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (You better)

No more games, I'mma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfuckin' roof off, like two dogs caged
I was playin' in the beginning, the mood all changed
I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage

But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cipher
Best believe somebody's payin' the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my nine to five

And I can't provide the right type of
Life for my family, 'cause man these goddamn
Food stamps don't buy diapers
And there's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life

And these times are so hard, and it's getting even harder
Tryin' to feed and water my seed, plus teeter-totter
Caught up between bein' a father and a Prima Donna
Baby mama drama screamin' on and too much for me to wanna

Stay in one spot, another day of monotony
Has gotten me to the point I'm like a snail I've got
To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfuckin' option, failure's not

Mom I love you, but this trailer's got to go
I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot
So here I go, it's my shot, feet fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (You better)

You can do anything you set your mind to, man.
 
You don't see me in the hood
It's 'cause I'm doing this man 

 
Niggas I'm still grindin' (yeah...)
I'm still hearin' those sirens 
I'm still getting chased by those lights 
Only the lights lime and my mic's on 
And my time is none because I'm writing more

And I ain't here to meet a soul in this buisness 
I'm here to eat, speak until these hoes feel this (for sure...) 
And I can't let y'all derail me man 
I got young Kobe hommie, you gotta let go of Obie 

'Cause Obie be back, (ain't goin' nowhere man...) 
We got them craps going on and that yak going on 
Soon as a nigga touch down back from tourin' 
It's whatever, put that on the chedda man

But in the meantime it's Jimmy Ivean time 
Chase cheese, rhyme till my voice give out 
This is i,t my nigga's, this is what we boast about 
Now I'm here, so shut your muthafuckin' mouth 
And show me love bitch 

I just wanna love you for the rest of my life
(I don't love you bitch)
I wanna hold you in the morning (ha)
Hold you through the night (hahaha)

I just wanna love you for the rest of my life
(We wanna love alcohol, we wanna love guns, we wanna love money)
I wanna hold you in the morning 
Hold you through the night...(Ha) (we don't wanna love bitches though) 

 
There's a certain mystique when I speak 
That you notice that's sorta unique
'cause you know it's me, my poetry's deep
And I'm stillmatic, the way I flow to this beat 
You can't sit still, its like trying to smoke crack and go to sleep

I'm strapped
Just knowin' any minute I could snap 
I'm the equivalent of what would happen if Bush rapped 
I bully these rappers so bad, lyrically 
It ain't even funny, I ain't even hungry
It ain't even money, you can't pay me enough
For you to play me, its cock-a-many 
You just ain't zany enough to rock with Shady 
My noodle is cock-a-doodle, my clock's cuckoo 
I got screws loose, yeah the whole kit 'n' kaboodle 
I'm just brutal

It's no rumour, I'm numero uno, assume it
There's no humour in it no more, you know
I'm rollin' with a swollen bowling ball in my bag
You need a fag to come and tear a new hole in my ass
You better love me, bitch

I just wanna love you for the rest of my life 
I wanna hold you in the morning, 
Hold you through the night 


And all the bitches say

I just wanna love you for the rest of my life 
I wanna hold you in the morning, 
Hold you through the night

 
My buzz is crazy in the hood, they holler my name 
If it ain't about the flow
It's about the stones and the chain 
If I was you, I'd love me too
I roll like a bus, 9/11 Porche same colour as cranberry sauce 
I ain't gonna front, I thought R. Kelly was the shit 
Then we find out he fuckin' round with Bow Wow bitch

Niggas eatin' popcorn, right, rewindin' the tape 
Now Shorty, Momma in the precinct, hollerin' rape 
I'm convinced man, somethin' really wrong with these hoes 
I thought Lil' Kim was hot, then she start fuckin with her nose (God Damn) 
Used to listen to Lauren Hill and tap my feet
Then the bitch put out a CD that didn't have no beats (uh-huh)

That boy D'Angelo, he determined not to fail
That nigga went butt-ass for his record to sell
My back shot help Ashanti hit them high notes
And Big Ben taught Charli B'more to deep throat
Yea'

I just wanna love you for the rest of my life 
I wanna hold you in the morning
(I luv'a burnish the monies, the bunnies, I just wanna hold you)
Hold you through the night

I just wanna love you for the rest of my life 
I wanna hold you in the morning (I just wanna love you)
Hold you through the night
Yeah
Spoken
(Mmmhh)
You high baby? (Yeah)
Yeah? (Ha ha ha. Talk to me.)
You want me to tell you somethin'? (Uh huh)
I know what you wanna hear



'Cause I know you want me baby
I think I want you, too
(I think I love you baby)
I think I love you, too

I'm here to save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together
Let's let our love unfurl

You know you want me baby
You know I want you, too
They call me Superman
I'm here to rescue you

I wanna save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
(Oh boy, you drive me crazy)
Bitch, you make me hurl

They call me Superman
Leap tall hoes in a single bound
I'm single now, got no ring on this finger now
I'll never let another chick bring me down

In a relationship, save it bitch
Babysit, you make me sick
Superman ain't savin' shit
Girl you can jump on Shady's dick

Straight from the hip, cut to the chase
I'll tell a motherfuckin' slut to her face
Play no games, say no names
Ever since I broke up with what's her face

I'm a different man, kiss my ass
Kiss my lips, bitch why ask
Kiss my dick, get my cash
I'd rather have you whip my ass

Don't put out, I'll put you out
Won't get out, I'll push you out
Puss blew out, copin' shit
Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out

Am I too nice to buy you ice?
Bitch if you died, wouldn't buy you life
What you tryin' to be my new wife?
What you Mariah, fly through twice?

But I do know one thing though
Bitches they come, they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday, yo

Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
Till then just sit your drunk ass
On that fuckin' runway hoe

'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman

I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

Don't get me wrong, I love these hoes
It's no secret, everybody knows
Yeah we fucked, bitch so what
That's about as far as your buddy goes

We'll be friends, I'll call you again
I'll chase you around every bar you attend
Never know what kind of car I'll be in
We'll see how much you'll be partying then

You don't want that, neither do I
I don't wanna flip when I see you with guys
Too much pride, between you and I
Not a jealous man, but females lie

But I guess that's just what sluts do
How could it ever be just us two
I never loved you enough to trust you
We just met and I just fucked you

But I do know one thing though
Bitches they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday, yo

Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
Till then just sit your drunk ass
On that fuckin' runway hoe

I know you want me baby
I think I want you, too
(I think I love you, baby)
I think I love you, too

I'm here to save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together
Let's let our love unfurl

You know you want me baby
You know I want you, too
They call me Superman
I'm here to rescue you

I wanna save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
(Ooh boy, you drive me crazy)
Bitch, you make me hurl

First thing you say
(I'm not fazed, I hang around big stars all day
I don't see what the big deal is anyway
You're just plain old Marshall to me)

Ooh yeah girl run that game
(Haily Jade, I love that name
Love that tattoo, what's that say?
"Rot in Pieces", uhh that's great)

First off you don't know Marshall
At all so don't grow partial
That's ammo for my arsenal
I'll slap you off that bar stool

There goes another lawsuit
Leave hand prints all across you
Good Lordy-wody you must be
Gone off that quarter bottle

You want what you can't have
Ooh girl that's too damn bad
Don't touch what you can't grab
End up with two back hands

Put Anthrax on a Tampax
And slap you till you can't stand
Girl you just blew your chance
Don't mean to ruin your plans

But I do know one thing though
Bitches they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday, yo

Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
Till then just sit your drunk ass
On that fuckin' runway hoe

'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman

I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman

I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

I know you want me baby
I think I want you, too
(I think I love you baby)
I think I love you, too

I'm here to save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together
Let's let our love unfurl

You know you want me baby
You know I want you, too
They call me Superman
I'm here to rescue you

I wanna save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
(Oh boy you drive me crazy)
Bitch, you make me hurl

'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman

I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman

I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman
(Royce Da 5'9")
Yo, yo. It's several different levels to pickin' up shovels
And dumpin' you in ditches under sea-level, front and you can witness
Let me refreshen you niggas; tell you my position in this
Beef! - Leave you under Venice, opposition finished!
Here it is, we invaded, created a pyramid
Of a haven of names, so blame Dre and that ear o' his
So (heavy breathing) breathe, I rather reach for your neck
And I never heat you for respect, unless you greet me wit' less
I got a skunk in my trunk
I'm lyin' - I got a pump in my trunk
You dyin'. How many lumps niggas want?
Who's ready for y'all? We ready for y'all.
We too incredibly raw, for any artist that said he would draw
I stand firm, and it hurts to live it
You open up that can of worms, I hope you ready for the dirt that's wit' it
Slap a ho, snatch a mic.
Bein' brought to y'all in black and in white
(It's the new!) Joe Jackson and Ike.
We renegades!

(Eminem)
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician but I'll kick it wit' 'em a minute
'Cause see they call me a menace; and if the shoe fits I'll wear it
But if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth grin and bear it
Now who's the king of these rude, ludicrous, lucrative lyrics
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics
Usin' his music to steer it, sharin' his views and his merits
But there's a huge interference - they're sayin' you shouldn't hear it
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated, disputed, hated and viewed in America
As a motherfuckin' drug addict - like you didn't experiment?
N-now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
And see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrassed
And I got nothin' to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fuckin' do-gooders, too bad you couldn't do good at marriage! (Ha ha!)
And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't
Think you do, so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo
'Cause here we go: he's Royce, he's the King of Detroit
And I'm the sinister Mr. Kiss-My-Ass, he's just a-

(Eminem)
Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk
About anything. (Anything?) Anything.

(Royce Da 5'9")
'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to talk
About anything (Anything?) Anything. (Anything!)

I determine what time it's on, I call my nigga Proof
Hand him a pint of Lim&#xF3;n and turn him loose
I'm tired of you new jacks
I'm tired of niggas that's like ("I'm 'bout to blow!")
'Less you a bitch, we don't care if you 'bout to do that
Move back, youngster, the glock gon' speak
Chew up your vest and turn your chest hair to taco-meat
The street, continuous to pit, quick to smash ya
Or flash the clip, or give you the picture (Developed it.)
Click-clock, six shots blows through another door
And it gets hot, Hip-Hop Quotable tug o' war (Yeah!)
Who did you niggas beats, you bitches, who made it work?
That shit was (raspberry) - I got harder two-way alerts.
Just when I thought my dog couldn't get any meaner
You talk about his daughter, he probably go get you the nina;
You talk about his momma, he won't even give you the finger
He's (Crazy!) Deranged! Not media eaters, we renegades!

(Eminem)
See I'm a poet to some - a regular modern day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ the King of these Latter Day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me
As a monger of hate, Satanist, scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the latter - a gateway to escape?
Media scapegoat, who they can be mad at today
See it's easy as cake, simple as whistlin' Dixie
While I'm wavin' the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics
In holy water - no wonder they try to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfuckin' spiteful, delightful eyeful
The new Ice Cube - motherfuckers hate to like you
What did I do? (Huh?) I'm just a kid from the gutter
Makin' his butter off these bloodsuckers, 'cause I'm a mo'fuckin'

(Eminem)
Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk
About anything. (Anything?) Anything.

(Royce Da 5'9")
'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to talk
About anything (Anything?) Anything. (Anything!)

(Eminem)
Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk
About anything. (Anything?) Anything.

(Royce Da 5'9")
'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to talk
About anything (Anything?) Anything...
It's like that Eminem, Eminem all right bust it
It's only fair to warn I was born with a set of horns
And metaphors attached to my dang umbilical cord
Warlord of rap that'll bash you with a 2 by 4 board
And smash into your Honda Accord with a four door Ford
But I'm more toward dropping an acapela
To chop a fella to mozerella
Worse than a helicopter propeller
Got you locked in a cellar with your skeleton showing
Developing anorexia while I'm standing next to ya
Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death
With an IV in your vein feeding you liquid darvocet
Pumpin you full of drugs
Pull the plugs on the gunshot victims full of slugs
So were picked up in an ambulance and driven
To receiving with their asses ripped out of their pants
And given a less than 20 percent chance of livin'
Have a possible placement as a hospital patient
Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement
Dr. Kevorkian has arrived to perform an autopsy on you while you scream "I'm still alive!"
Drivin' a rusty scalpal in through the top of your scalp
And pullin your adam's apple out through your mouth
Better call the fire department I've hired an arsonist
To set fire to carpet and burn up your entire apartment
Psst, hey, listen

I love my job
It makes me feel like, superman
Can you fly, I can, wanna see

I'm only entertaining you, my
Goal is to stimulate making you high
And take you and I, to a place that you can't see
But I believe you can fly

I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partyin'
I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian
Just the man who's on the mic
So let me, entertain you

My lyrical content is constantly under fire
No wonder why I constantly bomb back
To combat attacks with constant concepts
When lyrics constantly took out of context

Failure to communicate with congress
Has, been a problem for the longest I guess
But, maybe one day we can make some progress
Food for thought, see how long it takes to digest

Feeling good when I should be ashamed
Shit I really should've fell but I stood
See I came like a flame in the night
Like a ghost in the dark

There's a ray
There's a light
There's a hope
There's a spark

But when planets collide
They'll never see eye to eye
Until they decide
To set their differences aside

And this is why
Only one of us will survive
So children follow my lead
And feel the vibe because

I'm only entertaining you, my
Goal is to stimulate making you high
And take you and I, to a place that you can't see
But I believe you can fly

I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partyin'
I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian
Just the man who's on the mic
So let me, entertain you

My, music can be slightly amusing
You shouldn't take lyrics so serious, it might be confusing
Trying to separate the truth from entertainment
It's stupid ain't it, I get sick of trying to explain it

See I can sit and argue with you but it goes beyond
Just being a snot, pointy nosed, bleached blonde
'Cause I came here to uplift let your woes be gone
Tell em' to get fucked and just mosey on

Constantly movin', constantly using the constitution
As a form of restitution
Bless the children, nothing less than brilliant
Let me entertain you like Robbie Williams

I'll be here when y'all are gone rebuilding
World revolving, still evolving, still Slim
How many kids will copy, probably millions
But I'ma do this as a fuckin' hobby till then cause

I'm only entertaining you, my
Goal is to stimulate making you high
And take you and I, to a place that you can't see
But I believe you can fly

I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partyin'
I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian
Just the man who's on the mic
So let me, entertain you

My, lyrical content contains subject matter
That sucks up all these fucked up young kids at an
Alarmin' rate, common denominate
Add it up and you'll see that's why I dominate

I try to stimulate, but kids emulate
And mimic every move you make, Slim you're great
But wait, can't you see I'm only here to entertain
I gotta be the one to go against the grain

'Cause man, I see it, feel it, live it but it's inhumane
For me to see you be influenced, and pretend you ain't
But they don't understand that I've been through pain
If you get to know me I can be a friend you gain

But you can't just stand there and try to judge
It hurts, but your jealousy probably tears you up inside as much
And it's such a pleasure every button that I touch
I treasure every glutton that I punish in my lust, but

I'm only entertaining you, my
Goal is to stimulate making you high
And take you and I, to a place that you can't see
But I believe you can fly

I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partyin'
I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian
Just the man who's on the mic
So let me, entertain you
(Announcer)
Welcome back, to the stage of history

(Eminem)
Yo... Slim Shady!
Yo... I fuckin'... I
I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww)
Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
Would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you
And force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse
You think I pulled the fuckin' ground out from underneath you
(Bitch!) I ain't a fuckin' G, I'm a cannibal
I ain't tryin' to shoot you,
I'm tryin' to chop you into pieces and eat you
Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass
And have you with open gashes just strapped to a soakin mattress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ah!)
Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis
I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket
To fill it full of explosive gases
And close it back with a lit match in it
While I sit back and just hope it catches
Blow you to fragments
Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes

Chorus: J-Black (repeat 2X)

I see the light at the end
But every time I take a step, it gets dim
Tell me is this hell we're livin' in?
If so, heaven's got to be better
But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down

(J-Black)
Am I the worst? Because I, never go to church (never)
I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse
I'ma drink till my liver rot, see the doc
Leave the E.R., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, fuck the liver spot
One day we all gon' die
But when I die, I'ma be so high
That I'ma get up and walk, leavin' the concrete bare
With the chalk outline still there
I smoke till I choke and I sex a lot
I got a cross on my chain but it's just to rock
Now if I pray everynight (night)
Do I still have to hold my tray very tight?
You feel me God? I done did so much shit while on Earth
I smoke, I drink, I curse, and to make matters worse
I bust my gun first, and then I chat with your corpse
Since way back, I was one to never like back-talk
See me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a Northface
Nickle nine at my waist, on the Lord's faith
Angels greet me but I don't reply back
Just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's Thai at?

(Announcer)
Maxi was seriously wounded but the soul still burns
Final battle, fight!

(Masta Ace)
Analyze the strength of my game, like Lee Corso
Call me a lost soul, with a vest on my torso
And of course, yo, y'all know I'm no stranger to danger
Like Christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger
I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound
And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds
My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger
Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her
Ten blocks, untie the bitch and I still bag her
Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager
My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel
My flows spill like usin' the wrong end of a funnel
Everyday I grow more older, and more colder
Fly you to Colorado, roll you over with a Boulder
I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare
Cause you fuckin' with some niggaz like this who just don't care

(J-Black)
But every time I take a step, it gets dim...
Tell me is this hell we're livin' in?
Haha...

(Announcer)
Time's up!
You lose!
Royce: What? Uh
Em: The bad
Royce: Yeah
Em: The evil
Royce: Right, yo
Em: Put 'em together

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit
If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew
Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do

I am bored
I came in the diner with skateboarders, and placed orders
Ate hors d'oeuvres, and hit the waiter with plate warmers
Let you inhale the glock smell, while I'm rippin' your wallet off
And slippin' a Molotov in your Cocktail (take that)
Burnin' your contracts, punch your A&R in the face
Smash his glasses and turn 'em to contacts
I'm on some shook shit, if it's missin' I took it (whoops!)
Nurse, look at this straightjacket, it's crooked!
I go to jail and murder you from a cell
Put a knife in an envelope and have you stabbed in the mail (FedEx)
So how do you describe someone, with a decapitated head
When the rest of his body's still alive, runnin'?

Royce:
Comin' with five gunmen, waitin' to do a drive-by
So when you see the black 500 (what?) hide from it
For every hundred MC's rhymin' about birds
Only about two-thirds'd really said it without words
Yo, you ain't a thug, I can make you bitch up
Pick the fifth up, cock, spit, you would swear it's rainin' slugs (what?)
I'm the hottest shit in the industry (uh)
I got every thug on the block that get a wind of me defendin' me
You lack class and respect, get a direct backblast
The Bad and Evil mad rap, I cover the Bad half
You know how a thug in this shit'll end up
Spit a round, lift your chin up, you get hit, ten down and ten up (what?)
I take it if you run your mouth, then you wanna get sent up
Heat it up, you be leakin' blood and spittin' phlegm up
Now we rivals, 'cause of a small name or title
You stepped, got devoured and left with a flower and Bible

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit
If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew
Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit
If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew
Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do

(Eminem)
Forget a chorus; my metaphors are so complicated
It takes six minutes to get applause (yay)
And by the time you all catch on, I'ma end your career
And walk away with the whole floor so you have nothin' to fall back on
I'll throw you off of ten floors
Pull a fuckin' headache outta my head, and put it in yours (take this)
I'm indoors, waitin' for this acid to seep in my skin pores
To go outdoors and do some in-stores
This bitch wanted to blow me, I said, "It oughta happen.
You swallow cum bitch?" "No, but I brought a napkin."
Gettin' skullie while I'm autographin'
Got my daughter laughin' 'cause I sent her mother whitewater raftin'
I'm not a fact, I'ma proven fear
Mr. Rogers blocked up my U-Haul screamin',
"Wait, wait, wait, you ain't movin' here!"
Lorena Bobbitt, c'mere, want a souvenir?
I've been high as fuck, since I was a juvi-neer
Juvenile? Same difference -- I need some 'caine
'Cause I ain't sniffed since I woke up the seven slain infants
(Oh my God!) Brain implants and they say there's a slim chance
I won't stay the same 'cause I traded brains with a chimpanz'

(Royce)
Walkin' in swamp water with an M-16, out for the blood
Shove a gun in the mouth of a thug
To break braces, you say grace and make faces
I'll display hate and break you in eight places (what?)
Take paces, turn around draw in a standoff
Precise aim, icin' my fame, blowin' your hand off
Dancin' with the Devil leadin'; I won't die, I'm never leavin' (what?)
I pledge allegiance to forever breathin'
Street niggas with nuts, what? My meat's bigger (what?)
Fake-ass thugs with toy guns and cheap triggers
With a death wish, thinkin' I'm the nigga to mess with
Let the tech lift, direct chest hit, melt your necklace
For instance, you just a henchman, on tough soil (what?)
A follower never had heart, he just loyal
Thugs is glass doors, I see through 'em, put the heat to 'em
Be careful you might get what you ask for

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit
If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew
Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit
If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew
Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do

Em: The bad... the evil
The bad... the evil
(Eminem)
Slim Shady
Asshole

(Royce)
Any nigga wit guns, we got guns too
More heated, ready to outgun you
It's too late I already outgunned you
You was around, you know the outcome too
Let's play, lemme show you what Game is
Heartbreak, I'm showin' you what pain is
Please, I'm reppin' a'd' homeboy
Where your guns, you steppin' to me homeboy
Royce five-nine's the name, niggaz know
And niggaz know, dealin' wit me niggaz know
Ayyo toots, how you get here, you wanna ride
I got a five in Southside, you wanna drive
Beside, I ain't got no five, you gold-digger
You wanna suga-daddy, go get you an old nigga
I got money, I'm just here to bug you girl
Can't get none, but you know I love you girl
Yo

(Royce)
She the one that wanna ride hot whips, huh
Same one that ain't really got shit, huh
She want her hair done, then get her nails done
Go to Fifth Ave, just to shop for Chanel, huh

(Eminem)
She the one that ain't really got shit, huh
The little bitch that really ain't got tits, huh
Fuckin' slut with a chest enhanced,
Who titty-dances to pay for her breast implants

(Eminem)
Anybody wit knives, we got knives too
More sharp, and ready to outslice you
About 5 dudes deep who outsize you
Who wanna see insides comin' outside you
Get me drunk, and I'll drink anything you can think
Wattup Miss. Bitch
(Yo what's up with the ring, you married?)
Shit, I'm still mingling, bitch
I just wanted to scream, this is the only finger that's it
Wattup with you, you married?
(Naww, I'm divorced)
Of course you are, you little fuckin' trailer park whore
(Trailer? I don't live in no trailer. I live in a mobilization unit, for your information)
Bitch, I got a dick, wanna fuck?
Hold still, swallow this birth control pill, slut
Fuck, pump so much cum in your stomach that when I pull out
A years and a half old potty-trained baby falls out
And I ain't stayin to pay no child support
Are you playin'? Be a man- bitch what you sayin'?
You tryin' to pull some bullshit, while I got one arm free
You want me to make this half-nelson a full?

(Royce)
Wattup boo, this is for you and your girlfriend
You bank-head, up in Detroit we Earl Flynt
Assholes get guns and flashed those
Never ever go to Detroit, we blast those

(Eminem)
Hi, my name is...

(Royce)
Royce
I'm the king
Gimme money, gimme jewels, everything
Ayyo, you with the long hair, is it yours?
I guess so, got a receipt- paid for
Got anymore lipstick? I'm sick of red
Get a perm, you nappy head, you chicken head
I know you ghetto, I ain't trying to take the ghetto out
Things about you to tell about, mellow out
I'm the one that be makin' the clubs say "What"
Gettin' love, and making the club say "What"
Some of you cats, hate on the low and got sick
Any sauce that got hits, not this
Yo

(Project Paki)
Any nigga wit guts, we got guts too
More than crazy, only want to outdo you
Damn, too late, we going after you
Go get more niggaz, you gonna need more than two
Project Paki, here to rep the east, New Jersey- I'mma rep my streets
Militainment- we soldiers y'all
Me, Slim, and Royce got you cornered y'all
The only niggaz you see on World's Wildest Police Chases
Niggaz that go wild only during court cases
Bitches go wild when they see us cum on they faces
We never discriminate, we fuck all races
She the one that I got love for
Money she won't get, I assure
She the one that think she hot
Damn, have you seen her, she is hot
High maintanence- that's her style
God I can't her out my mind, when she smile
But ain't no need to worry bout nothin'
I got ten girls like her, I ain't frontin
The only thing I buy is some good clothes for her, 'cause them shit is tacky
Royce got me on this, remember the name- Project Paki
So yo

(Royce)
You tramp
Why you still listenin?
Don't you see, I'm dissing you
Fade me out, why would you ever play me out?
I'm cool
What do y'all want from me?

(Repeat till fade)
Skam:
Yo I'm tryin' to be the man of the day
Three six five a year
See the bullshit you sayin', Skam ain't tryin' to hear (Fuck that!)
Bustin' lyrics in the air
Keepin' some up in the chamber

Eminem:
Yo Skam, what the fuck you doin'?

Skam:
Man, I'm releasin anger

Eminem:
I'm tryin' to be the illest of the day
Three six five a year
See that bullshit you sayin', Shady ain't tryin' to hear
Spittin' lyrics in your ear
Keepin' some up in the chamber

Skam:
Aiyyo Shady what the fuck you doin'?

Shady:
I'm releasin anger

Skam:
Man I'm tired of bein tired, every time I wake up
Tired of these fake ducks, tired of bein late for the bus
Tired of all be blendin, and endin up datin sluts
So my facial expression stay stuck up, and shut the fuck up!
To the pity ass rappers, that ain't shit without make-up, wake up
Gold diggin bitches, the buck stops here
The road to riches is closed for repair
So if the shoe ain't fittin, girl leave that shit alone
You ain't Erykah Badu, what I look like Tyrone?
I rip your tissue out your ear
Spittin' like I don't care
My hair look like I ain't come it, shit a damn near year
So I burn, zig-zag, I leave the next man with his heels up
Brain dead, and be reincarnated at a speed bump
When we done we stay hard, so you don't land shit
Suck Skam's dick, off of what a dead man spit
Yo that's it, I don't plan shit, you know how we go down
They need to slow down, and take a look who the hoe now
At every industry party, gettin' so damn drunk
Can't remember the lass ass you kissed, or dick you sucked
Remind me of my ex, in the street got me veck
Tryin' to roll up on Miami, leavin' with a broke neck
Oh shit, lethal lyric equal land mind
I be stackin up Withe rappers like I'm throwin' gas signs
And I'm, buck wild exposin the plain truth
You couldn't mess with me, fuckin' shit up in the same room
Hey you, I don't know you but fuck it, let me get a dollar
For this bad car, that go along with the breath
Some show the mad bomb, and steal the show like a theft
Cause in Miami, the baby jammin like three up in the chamber
(Yo Skam what the fuck you doin'?)

Eminem:
Some people say I'm strange, I tell them ain't shit change
I'm still the same lame asshole with a different name
Became late to the last show with a different dane
Brain ate from the last ode that I snifed the cane
Yo know your spaced the fuck out like George Lucas
When your pukus, turnin' to yellow with orange mukus
So when I grab a pencil and squeeze it between fingers
I'm not a rapper, I'm a demon who speaks English
Freak genuis, too extreme for the weak and squeemish
Burn you alive till you screamin to be extinquished
'Cause when I drop the science, motherfuckers tell me to stop the violence
Start a fire and block the hydrants
I'm just a mean person, you never seen worse than
So when Slim gets this M-16 burstin
You gettin' spun backwards like every word of obscene cursin
On the B-side of my first single with the clean version
Stoppin' your short life when you still a teen virgin
Unless you get a kidney specimen from a spleen surgeon
In the best hospital possible for emergancy surgery
To try to stop the blood from your rushin sternly eternally
I'll take it back before we do each others name
Run in a ultrasound and snatch you out your mothers frame
I'll take it further back than that
Back to lovers lane, to the night you were started
Cock block your fathers game
I'll plead the fifth like my drawers were muzzled
So suck my dick while I take a shit and do this crossword puzzle
And when I'm down with ten seconds left, then to hope out
I'ma throw a head-but so hard, I'll knock us both out
"What's your favorite scary movie?"

(Em) Yo, Slim Shady!
(R5) Yo, Royce 5-9
(Em) Y'all wanna make a movie?
(R5) What...
(Em) We got the film right here

(Royce)
What?
Yeah I'm one of them pretty rappers
Buck if I really hafta, I really slap ya
King of Detroit who they namin the city after (what?)
Scandalous partners, whose grammar hammers the hard shit
Into your heart with, content, yo who wanna start with
Experts, Bad and Evil is comin' soon
MC's get stuck, head first back in they mother's womb
This shit is written, in my eyes I'm the illest MC spittin' (what?)
Leavin' all of you cats shittin kittens
I gotta diss you, my niggaz be cockin pistols
Shot and split you, fuck splittin the profits with you (what?)
Six percent, of y'all niggaz is just pretend
Clicks with clits, pussy niggaz stink with dicks (what?)
Niggaz act bully, and blast for the fast penny
My auto is fully, plenty of niggaz packin semi
Speak darts; yo you get paid? Rhymin about it is the sweetpart
You can't be street smart with a cheap heart
Five Nine, a street nigga with deep feelin' (what?)
I keep illin, my steez willin' to keep killin' (what?)
Fuck rap, a lot of y'all all is just acts
Trust that - you rhyme all wack on rough tracks
Bust and then we all black when you get bust back at
Fuck that, you get blast at, you get laughed at
And I'ma spit thunder (what?) stick to my guns
Niggaz is finished before they gimmicks, one-hit wonders
What? Big balls, that's why when I spit, your clique stalls
I'ma pit bull, I'm just dog, I'm just raw (what?)
Split y'all, holla, "It's on!" Then I diss y'all
All of y'all niggaz get pissed on claimin you pissed off

Chorus: Eminem and Royce (repeat 2X)

Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie?
Rappers comin' in with they team and carry toolies
You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me
We hard-hittin, directin and starrin' in it

(Eminem)
The one man on the planet that'll drive off of the Grand Canyon
Hop out of a Grand Am and land in it handstandin
Any man plannin to battle will get snatched out of his clothes
So fast it'll look like an invisible man standin
I'm headed for Hell, I'd rather be dead or in jail
Bill Clinton, hit this, and you better inhale
Cause any MC that chooses to go against me
Is gettin' takin' advantage of like Monica Lewinksy (Leave mealone!)
Came home in a frenzy, pushin a ten speed
Screamin to Aunt Peg (AUNT PEG!)
With three spokes stickin out of my pant leg
Fuck a headache, give me a migraine
Damnit I like pain (Ah!)
And you should be anywhere that I might gain
You rap knowin' you wack
You act up and I'm throwin' you down a flight of steps
Then I'm throwin' you back up em
If they don't like the track, fuck em
The rap struck 'em harder then gettin' hit by a Mack truck
And then backed up on
And any half-assed known rapper to trespass
Better be ready for the second Celebrity Deathmatch (Ding! Ding!)
So tell the medic to bring the medication and quickly (Hurry upman!)
I'm sicker than a Tupac dedication to Biggie
I'm free-fallin' feet first out of a damn tree
To stampede your chest till you can't breathe
And when I'm down to my last breath
I'ma climb the Empire State Building and get to the last step
And still laugh half bent

(Em) Bad... the bad...
(R5) Uh, when the bad meets the bad... yo...
(Em) The evil
(R5) Take the evil with the evil
(Em) Put 'em together
(R5) What? Nine-nine
(Em) Two times... Slim Shady... Royce the Five Nine
(Pace Won)
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up (Sing it with me!)
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up

(Az-Izz)
Yo, I'm finally convinced my kindness and innocence
Is a crime in a sense, climbing a fence
Diagonally bent, dying in agony in a magically event
Outz in a fear of family presents
Capped in clak smoke, pack toast in a black coat
To roast motherfuckers, over lactose
Stay skeed off laced weed
I take cheese, and page trees in the Bricks
Rolling box of Tracies

(Pace Won)
Call a go-go dancer
Get up in that ass and wreck shop like colon cancer
Hit it from the back, bitch can't hold her pants up
Once for my cock, twice for my block,
I got it locked like handcuffs
Pacer got a razor, get you and your man cut
Swing a blow you can't duck
Throw up your hands, what?
Nobody on earth could see Pacer
I get your shit then peel off like Speed Racer

(Slang Ton)
I hit you bastards raps fast as Janet Jackson's coochie
Your raps is half mastered, mad average, wack bologna
And if you ever wanna get a deal
You should either OD off skill pills
Or steal my reel-to-reel
Most of y'all emcees ain't tight as y'all should be when
I'm tighter than the jeans that show hoochie chicks' coochie prints
Outsidaz, we hot as Hell's flames is
And I'm Slang-iz, my tapes get pumped like twelve gauges

(Eminem)
I'm so weeded (How weeded are you?)
I'm so weeded I can freestyle for sixteen bars (Ha ha ha)
Right off the top, then go back to the top
And then repeat it (Ha)
Write it down on the paper
And still be able to read it (Sorry)
I can't read, but I still write to my pen pals (Uh, uh, dear)
I can't fly, but I still float on cement clouds (Whee!)
I can't see cause my eyes already been gouged out
I been down with the Outz for ten thou-sand years
((Pace Won) So dunn, here?)
Some weird kids with piercings in more than one ear
Lauryn, huh? Hill?
((Pace won) There's more than one? IIIllll)
What? You want me to stop? Here?

(Young Zee)
Yeah
Your girl could suck my dick chewing Big Red
Till she choke and scrape her wisdom tooth on my dick head
Puff a tray bag, Outz never pay cabs
Bust a A-rab, front on taking us up eighth Ave
Yeah, we all of the a volumes
What be the outcome?
We selling twenty million albums
Ay your record, ain't nobody buy that
You fell off, and had to take your five mic
And push a white Ac, with a bike rack

(Axe)
It's the A, the X, the E
Why pay for ass, if I can sex for free?
F' with we, what you expect to see
Death's your destiny, when it's my time for rest in peace
Bet they find my pistol next to me
My dick is giving ecstasy
Shit I say, spread like leprosy
I'm on a quest to be, the best emcee
Living recklessly, cock the weaponry
Lay you on your back like Lei Wulong from Tekken 3
Yo follow, never question me

(Pace Won)
C'mon yo
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
Snuff your bitch, crush your whip, what?
Outz in the area tearing things up

Outworld baby
Yo check this out! In life, you got your want to be's
You got your going to be's, and you got your has been's
Then you got your hustlers and hardcore

(Domingo)
Oh a line with fakes a time
Fresh time, with sure more times
Jimminy two time respect mine
Big click with breakfast and blacklist
War! War! War! War!
Vision, knocking you out motherfucker listen
Superstition can help you in this battle
G's and sandles who surround you in all the angles
All over your shit in shamble
Looking the little of latter you fucking runt

Hustlers! Hustlers and Hardcore!
Giving you more than what you asking for!

(Domingo)
Danger hander
Banging swinging banner all single hander
Hit the left propaganda
Ill manner bad grammar stander
Got the people chasing with cameras by the manner
Hit and slap us, so pajamas
Hiding under clothes in dirty hampers
Happy brands will make them happy campers
Little laughter
Shit nappers

(Eminem)
I'll puke eat and freak you
Battle, I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
Would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you
And force feed you them both and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I lift you off your feet so fast with a round house
You'll think I pulled the fucking ground out from underneath you
I ain't no fucking g, I'm a canibal
I ain't trying to shoot you, I'm trying to chop you into pieces and eat you
Rap you in rope and glass, strapped to a soakin matress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers
Fuck the planet until it spins on a broken axis

(Domingo)
Aw yeah {*echoes*}
(Eminem)
Rock
City
Royce
5
9
Slim
Shady
Come on!

(Royce Da 5'9)
Can't stop the hustle,
Royce nickel nine, glocks stop the tussel
Nine shots'll bust you, Pine Box we stuff you
Fuck You

(Eminem)
Fuck You

(Royce Da 5'9)
I am not the tussel
Niggas don't know me

(Eminem)
Come on

(Royce Da 5'9)
I'm Detroit's king, nigga, bow
Rock City's where the niggas pimp hoes, and ball
Strip hoes in bars, steal clothes in malls

(Eminem)
As long as your citys got the bombs?
Then your citys got the alarms?
Then your cities got the...

(Royce Da 5'9)
Titties saggin, lookin' like they got four arms
Gold bottles, green bottles, Cris' to the Don
Niggas get popped, for sellin weed shaked with seeds
If you hate me, you hate the 'D', nigga please
I'm takin' shit back to the riots in the sixties
Think I'm lyin', visit me, where you at?

(Eminem)
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock with me, (rock)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City
Come on the block with me
Rock City
And come and rock with me
Rock City, Come on
Rock, (on) City... COME ON!
Da da da da da

(Royce Da 5'9)
Suburban and city niggas hussle together
Long as there's money involved, niggas'll tussle together
Long as the hussle's, a hussle, the green is green
White is white, nigga we buying if the price is right
So, drop the mic's, everything's on cock
From the shots to the dice, we have notin' to hide
You can't say we can't work,

(Eminem)
What

(Royce Da 5'9)
Either we some plant workers, or we some niggas the plant worked, what!
Detroit bitches, is 'bout it
You can just ask any one of your niggas that visit about it
Any seven mile bitch, know how'ta get rich
She'll fuck you till you sleep, plus lie to your bitch
Plus she'll suck the swallow up outta your dick
And she keep a sugar daddy that'll buy her some shit (come on)

(Eminem)
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock with me, (rock)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City
Come on the block with me
Rock City
And come and rock with me
Rock City, Come on
Rock, (on) City... COME ON!
Da da da da da

The city with the bars,
With the most women cars are produced,
Here we are, we've been...

(Royce Da 5'9)
In the casinos, card shuffle's, number's to bet
Disrespect, and get a new smile under you neck
A city full of thug ass niggas and punk rockers
A lot of niggas act like Pac, so cops watch 'em
The shop blocks up, in the black or the light Timb's
White boys look, act and rap like Slim

(Eminem)
(Hi!)

(Royce Da 5'9)
Fight music, night fuses, never respect it,
Guns talk, high schools with metal detectors
A city full of Tommy Hearst thumpers
Grant Hill hoopers, Barry Sanders runners, stunners
Chaldeans with weed, connects like whoa!
Hyper weed, no need to test like 'dro!
Hyper cats you got dough, they like so
Real then you might go (where?)

(Eminem)
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock with me, (rock)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City
Come on the block with me
Rock City
And come and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City, (rock, come on)
Come on and rock with me
Rock with me, (rock)
Come on and rock with me
Rock City
Come on the block with me
Rock City
And come and rock with me

(Royce Da 5'9)
Detroit Rock City

(Eminem)
Slim Shady

(Royce Da 5'9)
Won't you come on the block with us?

(Eminem)
Royce The 5'9

(Royce Da 5'9)
Royce is on the block with us

(Eminem)
Royce The 5'9

(Royce Da 5'9)
Next Level

(Eminem)
Rock City

(Royce Da 5'9)
Royce nickel nine, ugh

(Eminem)
Rock

(Royce Da 5'9)
Slim Shady, ugh ugh

(Eminem)
Rock City

(Royce Da 5'9)
Won't you come and rock with us?

(Eminem)
Rock City

(Royce Da 5'9)
Won't you come on the block with us?

(Eminem)
Rock with me

(Royce Da 5'9)
Won't you come and rock with us?

(Eminem)
Rock with, with, with...

(Royce Da 5'9)
Rock City
Don't touch it

(Eminem)
Fuck...
(Young Zee)
*Talking*
I'm allowed to fuck up whenever... whenever I want...
This the Outhouse...
Lemme smoke a joint first...
Here, Pace...
(Young Zee)
95% of all y'all rappers butt
And y'all ride dick so much y'all gon' make me nuts
You'll get your jaw clocked, I'll drag your ass for four blocks
Dunk your head in Clorox, use your dreads for my floor mop
Gay or straight, my Papermate'll do a date rape
Zee can't wait, I'll go Great Bank on a blank tape
Lost like Spigg Nice, stick you for your thick ice
Good to hit twice 'fore you catch me usin' trick dice
Go to parole off of two in stolen wheels
My colon holdin' pills, fuck takin' some Golden Seal
I smoke leaky and black like BET
And fuck hoes raw dog till my balls catch VD
Mess with us, straight up, y'all better bust
I'm the one you'll never dust, it's still the same as it ever was
I'll leave the crowd in a Coupe with white walls
And scream, "If y'all ain't Outz then y'all could ride my balls"
Beef with us you might just catch a black eye
And ride for your crispy 850-I
I fuck with them drugs 'cause it gets me high
Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa
Been doin' this rap shit since '85
Then 'Clef put me down with the Fugee-la
It's only right me and Yah get a piece of the pie
Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa
Mama-se, Mama-sa, Ma-macosa
Mama-se, Mama-sa, Ma-macosa
Mama-se, Ma-sa, Ma-macosa
Mama-se, Mama-sa, Ma-macosa

(Slang Ton)
Yo, all the boys in the lobby get needles filled with poison ivy
Put 'em in the hospital and give 'em a poison IV
My crew get high much off brew and Thai skunk
It makes my style off the wall like suicide jumps
We sip lots of liq' shots
It makes my hip-hop fat as your lip got when I
Kickboxed with flip-flops
And give a disk jockey six copies of this floppy
Shit I be dyin' for is your piece of shit hobby?
You borin' like Oran Dice, I'm more than hype
Bungee jumpin' with cordless mics, for tourists sites
Ton Slanga, I'm dopin', pills and cokin'
Lung cancer in my throat and still smokin'

(Az-izz)
Now, when your partner die, who got the right
To do the homicide and you shot the guy?
And when you's 'bout to cry who got you high?
Say Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa
I'll blast the guy that don't pass the lye
Leave him paralized and agonized
Fellas, grab the thighs that's by your side
Say Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa

(D.U)
Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-maco
Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-maco
Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-maco
Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-maco

(Pace Won)
Wanna live this Outsida business
Blunt splitters, all that
Multiple musical contracts to fallback...
On... set like I was Liu Kang for Kombat...
Armed like Emmit when I rush crews
More hardcore than DMC and Krush Groove
Don't need hands to touch you
Mr. Perfect, the one you want to rap like
The name rap fiends have in their mouth like a crack pipe
Slap the fuck out you, remember us
I'm the man your father never was, or could've been
Maybe if they passed out weed in high school, I would've went
Got it down, yo
Even if you sing like Brownstone you couldn't "Take The Crown Home"
Try to call me out and get the dial tone
Pace Woner, dickin' 5-0 in a stolen gray Hummer

(Eminem)
Me and Pace had to flee in haste from bein' chased
For some E & Js we boosted out of some Korean place
I get drunk and hang-glide off of St. Ides'
And spray-paint the plain sides of all the subway train rides
I got a pitbull that eats sheep and spits wool
And chews on human body tissue till its stomach gets full
Skip school, barely went to class, thinkin' shit's cool
Hid a loaded pistol under this retarded kid's stool
I had a dream I blew up with half a mil' sold
And still stole a credit card, a purse, and someone's billfold
I'm from the city where the weather's always real cold
And chill mode can turn into somebody gettin' steel-toed
We be hangin' on the block till dawn
Stayin' spaced out like Dr. Octagon
Feelin' for the beats like they Chaka Khan
Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa
Pace Won, Slang Ton, and Yah
Young Zee, Az-Izz, D.U., and muah
Bizarre Kid, Loon One and Rah
Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa

(Young Zee)
Beef with us you might just catch a black eye
And ride for your crispy 850-I
We fuck with them drugs 'cause it gets us high
Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa
Been doin' this rap shit since '85
Then 'Clef put me down with the Fugee-la
It's only right me and Yah get a piece of the pie
Mama-se, Mama-sa, Mama-macosa
Mama-se, Ma-sa, Ma-macosa
Mama-se, Ma-sa, Ma-macosa
Mama-se, Ma-sa, Macosa
Mama-mama-mama-mama-macosa
Royce: What? Uh
Em: The bad
Royce: Yeah
Em: The evil
Royce: Right, yo
Em: Put 'em together

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit
If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew
Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do

I am bored
I came in the diner with skateboarders, and placed orders
Ate hors d'oeuvres, and hit the waiter with plate warmers
Let you inhale the glock smell, while I'm rippin' your wallet off
And slippin' a Molotov in your Cocktail (take that)
Burnin' your contracts, punch your A&R in the face
Smash his glasses and turn 'em to contacts
I'm on some shook shit, if it's missin' I took it (whoops!)
Nurse, look at this straightjacket, it's crooked!
I go to jail and murder you from a cell
Put a knife in an envelope and have you stabbed in the mail (FedEx)
So how do you describe someone, with a decapitated head
When the rest of his body's still alive, runnin'?

Royce:
Comin' with five gunmen, waitin' to do a drive-by
So when you see the black 500 (what?) hide from it
For every hundred MC's rhymin' about birds
Only about two-thirds'd really said it without words
Yo, you ain't a thug, I can make you bitch up
Pick the fifth up, cock, spit, you would swear it's rainin' slugs (what?)
I'm the hottest shit in the industry (uh)
I got every thug on the block that get a wind of me defendin' me
You lack class and respect, get a direct backblast
The Bad and Evil mad rap, I cover the Bad half
You know how a thug in this shit'll end up
Spit a round, lift your chin up, you get hit, ten down and ten up (what?)
I take it if you run your mouth, then you wanna get sent up
Heat it up, you be leakin' blood and spittin' phlegm up
Now we rivals, 'cause of a small name or title
You stepped, got devoured and left with a flower and Bible

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit
If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew
Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit
If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew
Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do

(Eminem)
Forget a chorus; my metaphors are so complicated
It takes six minutes to get applause (yay)
And by the time you all catch on, I'ma end your career
And walk away with the whole floor so you have nothin' to fall back on
I'll throw you off of ten floors
Pull a fuckin' headache outta my head, and put it in yours (take this)
I'm indoors, waitin' for this acid to seep in my skin pores
To go outdoors and do some in-stores
This bitch wanted to blow me, I said, "It oughta happen.
You swallow cum bitch?" "No, but I brought a napkin."
Gettin' skullie while I'm autographin'
Got my daughter laughin' 'cause I sent her mother whitewater raftin'
I'm not a fact, I'ma proven fear
Mr. Rogers blocked up my U-Haul screamin',
"Wait, wait, wait, you ain't movin' here!"
Lorena Bobbitt, c'mere, want a souvenir?
I've been high as fuck, since I was a juvi-neer
Juvenile? Same difference -- I need some 'caine
'Cause I ain't sniffed since I woke up the seven slain infants
(Oh my God!) Brain implants and they say there's a slim chance
I won't stay the same 'cause I traded brains with a chimpanz'

(Royce)
Walkin' in swamp water with an M-16, out for the blood
Shove a gun in the mouth of a thug
To break braces, you say grace and make faces
I'll display hate and break you in eight places (what?)
Take paces, turn around draw in a standoff
Precise aim, icin' my fame, blowin' your hand off
Dancin' with the Devil leadin'; I won't die, I'm never leavin' (what?)
I pledge allegiance to forever breathin'
Street niggas with nuts, what? My meat's bigger (what?)
Fake-ass thugs with toy guns and cheap triggers
With a death wish, thinkin' I'm the nigga to mess with
Let the tech lift, direct chest hit, melt your necklace
For instance, you just a henchman, on tough soil (what?)
A follower never had heart, he just loyal
Thugs is glass doors, I see through 'em, put the heat to 'em
Be careful you might get what you ask for

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit
If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew
Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin' to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin' to slit
If it wasn't for the 'shrooms, I'd have nothin' to chew
Yo, I'm just fuckin' with you, 'cause I got nothin' to do

Em: The bad... the evil
The bad... the evil
"What's your favorite scary movie?"

(Em) Yo, Slim Shady!
(R5) Yo, Royce 5-9
(Em) Y'all wanna make a movie?
(R5) What...
(Em) We got the film right here

(Royce)
What?
Yeah I'm one of them pretty rappers
Buck if I really hafta, I really slap ya
King of Detroit who they namin the city after (what?)
Scandalous partners, whose grammar hammers the hard shit
Into your heart with, content, yo who wanna start with
Experts, Bad and Evil is comin' soon
MC's get stuck, head first back in they mother's womb
This shit is written, in my eyes I'm the illest MC spittin' (what?)
Leavin' all of you cats shittin kittens
I gotta diss you, my niggaz be cockin pistols
Shot and split you, fuck splittin the profits with you (what?)
Six percent, of y'all niggaz is just pretend
Clicks with clits, pussy niggaz stink with dicks (what?)
Niggaz act bully, and blast for the fast penny
My auto is fully, plenty of niggaz packin semi
Speak darts; yo you get paid? Rhymin about it is the sweetpart
You can't be street smart with a cheap heart
Five Nine, a street nigga with deep feelin' (what?)
I keep illin, my steez willin' to keep killin' (what?)
Fuck rap, a lot of y'all all is just acts
Trust that - you rhyme all wack on rough tracks
Bust and then we all black when you get bust back at
Fuck that, you get blast at, you get laughed at
And I'ma spit thunder (what?) stick to my guns
Niggaz is finished before they gimmicks, one-hit wonders
What? Big balls, that's why when I spit, your clique stalls
I'ma pit bull, I'm just dog, I'm just raw (what?)
Split y'all, holla, "It's on!" Then I diss y'all
All of y'all niggaz get pissed on claimin you pissed off

Chorus: Eminem and Royce (repeat 2X)

Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie?
Rappers comin' in with they team and carry toolies
You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me
We hard-hittin, directin and starrin' in it

(Eminem)
The one man on the planet that'll drive off of the Grand Canyon
Hop out of a Grand Am and land in it handstandin
Any man plannin to battle will get snatched out of his clothes
So fast it'll look like an invisible man standin
I'm headed for Hell, I'd rather be dead or in jail
Bill Clinton, hit this, and you better inhale
Cause any MC that chooses to go against me
Is gettin' takin' advantage of like Monica Lewinksy (Leave mealone!)
Came home in a frenzy, pushin a ten speed
Screamin to Aunt Peg (AUNT PEG!)
With three spokes stickin out of my pant leg
Fuck a headache, give me a migraine
Damnit I like pain (Ah!)
And you should be anywhere that I might gain
You rap knowin' you wack
You act up and I'm throwin' you down a flight of steps
Then I'm throwin' you back up em
If they don't like the track, fuck em
The rap struck 'em harder then gettin' hit by a Mack truck
And then backed up on
And any half-assed known rapper to trespass
Better be ready for the second Celebrity Deathmatch (Ding! Ding!)
So tell the medic to bring the medication and quickly (Hurry upman!)
I'm sicker than a Tupac dedication to Biggie
I'm free-fallin' feet first out of a damn tree
To stampede your chest till you can't breathe
And when I'm down to my last breath
I'ma climb the Empire State Building and get to the last step
And still laugh half bent

(Em) Bad... the bad...
(R5) Uh, when the bad meets the bad... yo...
(Em) The evil
(R5) Take the evil with the evil
(Em) Put 'em together
(R5) What? Nine-nine
(Em) Two times... Slim Shady... Royce the Five Nine
Still on? 
Yo, is the mic on? 
Check, check, check 
Alright, let's do it 
Let's go, come on 
(Eminem, Eminem, Eminem)
spoken:
Lord please forgive me for what I do,
For I know not what I've done.

Father please forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds

Mama had a baby and its head popped off, head popped off
Head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off
My mama don't want me, the next thing I know I'm gettin' dropped off
Gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off

Ring ring ring, on the door bell and the next door neighbors on their front porch
Their front porch, their front porch, their front porch, their front porch
But they didn't want me neither so they left me on someone else's lawn
Else's lawn, else's lawn, else's lawn

Till somebody finally took me in, my great aunt and uncle Edna 'n' Charles
Edna 'n' Charles, Edna 'n' Charles, Edna 'n' Charles, Edna 'n' Charles
They were the ones who were left in charge
My elementary they gang up on me and sang this song
Sang this song, sang this song, sang this song, sang this song

It went a little something like Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb
Debbie had a Satan spawn, Satan spawn
Mama why do they keep saying this, I just don't understand, understand
And by the way, where's my dad

Father please forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds

Predominantly, predominantly, everything's always predominantly
Predominantly white, predominantly black, well what about me
Where does that leave me, well I guess that I'm between predominantly
Both of 'em, I think if I hear that fuckin' word again I'ma scream

While I'm projectile vomiting, what do I look like a comedian to you
Do you think that I'm kidding, what do I look like some kind of idi...
Wait a minute shit, don't answer that, why am I so misunderstood
Why do I go through so much bullshit, it such bullshit

Woe is me, there goes poor Marshall again, whining about his millions and
His mansion and his sorrow he's always drownin' in
From the dad he never had, and how his childhood was so bad
And how his mom was a dope addict, and his ex-wife how they go at it

Man I'd hate to have it, as bad as that Mr. Mathers claims he had it
I can't imagine it, that little rich poor white bastard
Needs to take some of that cash out the bank and take a bath in it
Man if I only had half of it, if you only knew the half of it

Father please forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds

Evil deeds, while I plant these evil seeds, please release me
From these demons, I never had any of this shit planned ma, please believe
I don't wanna be Satan's spawn, never got the chance to say I'm sorry
Now look at all the pain I caused, this Santa Clause, why you not comin' this year again

What did I do that was so bad to deserve this, everything could have been so perfect
But life ain't a fairytale, I'm about to be hoist up in the air
Forty feet below me, there's people everywhere
I don't even know what to feel like, they know me 'cause I'm in this ferris wheel

And all I wanna do is go to the mall and take Hailie on the carousel
Without this crowd everywhere I go, but life is like a merry-go-round
Here we go now, do si do now, curtains up, the show must go now
Ring around the rosie, the shows over, you can all go home now

But the curtain just don't close for me, this ain't how fame was supposed to be
Where's the switch I could just turn off and on, this ain't what I chose to be
So please God, give me the strength to have what it takes to carry on
Till I pass 50 back the baton, the camera's on, my soul is gone

Father please forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds

I said father please forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds

Oh!

Last one, baby...
Let's go...
Detroit!
Eminem
There's not much you could do or say to phase me
People think I'm a little bit crazy
I get it from all angles, even occasionally Doc Dre-zie'll
Have to step in every once in a while to save me

To make me stop and think about it 'fore I just say things
Sometimes I forget what other people just may think
A lot of rappers probably wouldn't know how to take me
If they heard some shit, I'd lay the tape 'fore they erase me

I maybe a little too fast paced and racy
Sometimes the average listener rewinds and plays me twenty times
Cuz I say so many rhymes, it may seem
Like I'm goin too fast cuz my mind is racing

And I could give a fuck what category you place me
Long as when I'm pushing up daisies and gone
As long as you place me amongst one of them greats
When I hit the heavenly gates I'll be cool beside Jay-Z

For every single die hard fan who embraced me
I'm thankful for the talent in which God gave me
And I'm thankful for the environment that he placed me
Believe it or not, I thank my mom for how she raised me

In the neighborhood daily, they jumped and chased me
It only made me what I am today, see
Regardless of what anybody believes who hates me
You ain't gonna make or break me

Tryna strip me of my credibility and make me look fake, G
You're only gonna be in for a rude awakening
Cuz sooner or later you haters are all gonna face me
And when you face me with all the shit you've been saving to say to me

You had all this time to think about it
Now don't pussy out and try to wimp out, face me
Cuz I've been patiently waiting for the day
That we finally meet in the same place to see

Nate Dogg
No matter how many battles I been in and won
No matter how many magazines on my nuts
No matter how many emcees I eat up
Oh, it's never enough

No matter how many battles I been in and won
No matter how many magazines on my nuts
No matter how many emcees I eat up
Oh oh, it's never enough

50 Cent
My flow's untouchable now you gotta face it
Uh oh, it gets worse when I go back to the basics
You go say the wrong shit and get your face split
The smell of victory, love it so much I can taste it

The spot my talk, it blaze a direct hit
Graze it, your peace talk, save it
You shit sounds dated, you're overrated
I'm obligated to study your moves then crush you mutherfuckers

If I'm the best and the worst, then God's gift is a curse
Soldier trained to destroy, you payin' attention boy?
I spit shit, slick shit, so quick you miss it
To be specific I go ballistic as hieroglyphic

My music is a drug, press play, you ain't gotta sniff it
Chew it or pop it, roll a bag and then chop it
Get your high over and over, but you gotta cop it
When it's hot, it's hot, your hatin' is undeniable, stop it

Nate Dogg
No matter how many battles I been in and won
No matter how many magazines on my nuts
No matter how many emcees I eat up
Oh, it's never enough

No matter how many battles I been in and won
No matter how many magazines on my nuts
No matter how many emcees I eat up
Oh oh, it's never enough
(spoken)
What we have to do is deal with it when these individuals are young enough
If you will, to be saved not in a religious sense, 
but not to constitute what this country, at times, calls "we throw away children"
We seem to be approaching an age of the gross (burp)
We all have this idea that we should move up a little bit from our parents station
And each generation should do a little bit better

Alright come on let's cut this bullshittin' and dub
Let's get it started let's start addressin' this issue
And open it up
Let's take this shit back to the basement
And we can discuss statements that's made on this tape
And this whole origin of

The music that we all know and love the music we all enjoy
The music that you accuse me of tryin' to destroy
Let's rewind it to '89 when I was boy on the East side of Detroit
Crossin' 8 Mile and a war and they hit territory

I'd like to share a story this is my story
And can't nobody tell it for me
I am well aware that I don't belong here
You made that perfectly clear

I get my ass kicked, damn they're everywhere
From Bel Air shoppin' centre just for stoppin' in there
From the black side all the way to the white side
Okay there's a bright side
A day that I might slide

You may call it a pass I call it haulin' my ass
Through that patch of grass over them railroad tracks
Oh them railroad tracks, them old railroad tracks
Them good old notorious, so well known tracks

So let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road
As we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

Come on, let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road
As we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

I roam the streets so much they call me a drifter
Sometimes I stick up a thumb just to hitchhike
Just to get picked up they'd give me a lift up
8 Mile and Van Dyke I'd steal a goddamn bike

From somebody's backyard
And drop it off at the park
That was the halfway mark
To meet Kim had to walk back to her momma's and charmer's
After dark to sneak me in the house
When I'm kicked out my mom's

That's about the time I first met Proof, we'd goof
He'd carry on the steps said I was bored handin' out some flyers
He was doin' some talent shows at Center Line High
I told him to stop by and check this out some time

He looked at me like I'm out my mind
Shook his head like white boys don't know how to rhyme
I spit out a line and rhymed birthday with first place
And they both had the same rhymes that soundalike

We was on that same shit, that Big Daddy Kane shit
Where compound syllables sound combined
From that day we was down to ride
Somehow we knew we'd meet again somewhere down the line

So let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road
As we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

Come on, let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road
As we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

My first year in 9th grade 
Can't forget that day in school 
It was cool til' your man MC Sham came through
And said that Puma's the brand 'cause the Klan makes Troops

It was rumors but man, goddamn they flew
Must'a been true because man we done banned they shoes,
I had the new ones, the cool J, Ice-lambs, suede too.
But we just threw 'em in the trash like they was yesterday's news
Guess who came through next? X-clan debuted


With a key sissies now with this being a new trend
We don't fit in crackers is out with Cactus albums
Blackness is in, African symbols and medallions
Represents black power and we ain't know what it meant
Me and my man Howard and Butter, would go to the mall with 'em
All over our necks like we're showing 'em off
Not knowing at all we was being laughed at you ain't even half black
You ain't supposed to have that homie let me grab that
And that Flavor Flave clock we gonna have to snatch that
All I remember is meeting back at

Manix's basement, saying how we hate this, how racist but dope the x clan's tape is...
Which reminds me back in 89 me and Kim broke up for the first time
She was tryna two time me

And there was this black girl
At our school who thought I was cool cause I rapped so she was kinda eyeing me
And oh the irony guess what her name was ain't even gonna say it plus
The same color hair as hers was and blue contacts and a pair of jugs
The bombest goddamn girl in our whole school if I could pull it
Not only would I become more popular but I would be able to piss Kim off at the same time

But it backfired I was supposed to dump her
But she dumped me for this black guy
And thats the last I ever seen or heard or spoke to
The oh foolish pride girl
But I've heard people say they heard the tape and it ain't that bad
But it was I singled out a whole race and for that apologize, I was wrong
'Cause no matter what color a girl is, she's still a hoe

So let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road
As we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

Come on, let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road
As we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left 
We all fall down... 

Step by step, heart to heart, left right left 
We all fall down like toy soldiers 
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win 
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers

I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure 
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders 
I ain't never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it 
Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter

I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle unless I absolutely have to 
I'm supposed to set an example 
I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em 
If some shit ever just pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em

Now the Ja shit I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it 
There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it 
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it 
It was crazy, this shit be way beyond some Jay-Z and Nas shit 

And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it
I spent too much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted 
And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it 
This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it 

That was never my object for someone to get killed 
Why would I wanna destroy something I helped build?
It wasn't my intentions, my intentions was good 
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin' it

Now it's just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth 
And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef 
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth 

While he's all over TV down talkin' a man
Who literally saved my life, like "Fuck it, I understand"
This is business and this shit just isn't none of my business
But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute 'cause 

Step by step, heart to heart, left right left 
We all fall down like toy soldiers 
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win 
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers

There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme 
And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin' 
But now it's elevated 'cause once you put someone's kids in it 
The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it?

It's a different ball game, callin' names and you ain't just rappin' 
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin' 
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him

Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him
Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em, and let him have it 
Meanwhile my attention is pulled in another direction
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk

Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record 
But now he's fucked the game up 'cause one of the ways I came up 
Was through that publication, the same one that made me famous

Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin' 
Well fuck it, that mutherfucker can get it too, fuck him then
When I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think 
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc. 

And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind 
We still have soldiers that's on the front line
That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us

We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus 
To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is 
To have Runyon Avenue soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is

But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt or murdered 
It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it 
Than to just say that I love ya'll too much to see the verdict
I'll walk away from it all before I let it go any further 

But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin' 
I'm just willin' to be the bigger man if y'all can quit poppin'
Off at your jaws with the knockin' 'cause frankly I'm sick of talkin'
I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience 'cause

Step by step, heart to heart, left right left 
We all fall down like toy soldiers 
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win 
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America
And to the Republic for which it stands
One nation under God
Indivisible with liberty and justice for all

It feels so good to be back

I scrutinize every word, memorize every line
I spit it once, refuel, re-energize and rewind
I give sight to the blind, my insight through the mind
I exercise my right to express when I feel it's time

It's just all in your mind, what you interpret it as
I say to fight, you take it as I'mma whip someone's ass
If you don't understand, don't even bother to ask
A father who has grown up with a fatherless past

Who has blown up now to rap phenomenon that has
Or at least shows no difficulty multi-task
And in juggling both perhaps mastered his craft
Slash entrepreneur who has helped launch a few more rap acts

Who's had a few obstacles thrown his way through the last half
Of his career typical manure moving past that
Mr. kisses ass crack, he's a class act
Rubber band man, yea he just snaps back

Come along, follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong

Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel
We gonna fight, we gonna charge, we gonna stomp, we gonna march
Through the swamp, we gonna mosh through the marsh
Take us right through the doors, c'mon

All the people up top on the side and the middle
Come together lets all bomb and swamp just a little
Just let it gradually build from the front to the back
All you can see is a sea of people some white and some black

Don't matter what color, all that matters we gathered together
To celebrate for the same 'cause don't matter the weather
If it rains let it rain, yeah the wetter the better
They ain't gonna stop us they can't, we stronger now more than ever

They tell us no we say yea, they tell us stop we say go
Rebel with a rebel yell, raise hell we gonna let 'em know
Stomp, push, shove, mush, Fuck Bush
Until they bring our troops home, c'mon

Come along, follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong

Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel
We gonna fight, we gonna charge, we gonna stomp, we gonna march
Through the swamp, we gonna mosh through the marsh
Take us right through the doors, c'mon

Imagine it pouring, it's raining down on us
Mosh pits outside the oval office
Someone's tryina tell us something
Maybe this is God just sayin' we're responsible
For this monster, this coward that we have empowered

This is Bin Laden, look at his head noddin'
How could we allow something like this without pumping our fists
Now this is our final hour

Let me be the voice in your strength and your choice
Let me simplify the rhyme just to amplify the noise
Try to amplify the times it, and multiply by six-
Teen million people, Are equal at this high pitch

Maybe we can reach Al Queda through my speech
Let the president answer a higher anarchy
Strap him with an Ak-47, let him go, fight his own war
Let him impress daddy that way

No more blood for oil, we got our own battles to fight
On our own soil, no more psychological warfare
To trick us to thinking that we ain't loyal
If we don't serve our own country, we're patronizing a hero

Look in his eyes its all lies
The stars and stripes, they've been swiped, washed out and wiped
And replaced with his own face, mosh now or die
If I get sniped tonight you know why, 'cause I told you to fight

Come along, follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong

Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel
We gonna fight, we gonna charge, we gonna stomp, we gonna march
Through the swamp, we gonna mosh through the marsh
Take us right through the doors, c'mon

And as we proceed to Mosh
Through this desert storm
In these closing statements, if they should argue
Let us beg to differ

As we set aside our differences
And assemble our own army
To disarm this Weapon of Mass Destruction
That we call our President, for the present

And Mosh for the future of our next generation
To speak and be heard
Mr. President, Mr. Senator
Do you guy's hear us?
*Puking noises*

There I go
Thinking of you again

You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know-oh-oh-oh-ho
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you

I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little poem
But off of the dome would probably be a little more
More suitable for this type of song, whoa
I got a million reasons off the top of my head that I could think of
Sixteen bars, this ain't enough to put some ink ta
So fuck it, I'mma start right here by just be briefer
Bout to rattle off some other reasons

I knew I shouldn't go and get another tattoo of you
On my arm, but what do I go and do
I go and get another one, now I got two
Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh

I'm sittin' here with your name on my skin
I can't believe I went and did this stupid shit again
My next girlfriend, now her name's gotta be Kim
Shi-ii-ii-ii-ii-ii-it

If you only knew how much I hated you
For every motherfuckin' thing you ever put us through
Then I wouldn't be standing here crying over you
Boo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-hoo

You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know, whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you

I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little letter
But I thought a song would probably be a little better
Instead of a letter
That you'd probably just shred up, yeah

I stumbled on your picture yesterday and it made me stop and think of
How much of a waste it'd be for me to put some ink ta
A stupid piece a paper, I'd rather let you see how
Much I fuckin' hate you in a freestyle

You're a fuckin' cokein' slut, I hope you fuckin' die
I hope you get to hell and Satan sticks a needle in your eye
I hate your fuckin' guts, you fuckin' slut, I hope you die
Di-ii-ii-ii-ii-ii-ie

But please don't get me wrong, I'm not bitter or mad
It's not that I still love you, it's not 'cause I want you back
It's just that when I think of you, it makes me wanna yak
Aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-ack

What else can I do, I haven't got a clue?
Now I guess I'll just move on, I have no choice but to
But every time I think of you now, I'll I wanna do
Is pu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uke

You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know, whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you, I puke

*Puking noises*

Fuckin' bitch
My First Single 
Ohh! 
Yeah! 
So much for first single on this one 
(Verse 1) 

Shady's the lable 
Aftermath is the stable 
That the horses come out erra 
Of course we're about to stir up 
Some shit thick as Mix water with syrup 
It's the mr. picked on Christopher Reeves 
Just for no reason other than the just to tease him

'Cause he was as big as He used to be Superman 
Now we're pourin liquor on the crib in his name for him 
Eminem you wait till' we meet up again 
Fucker I'm kickin your ass for everything you've ever said 

It's one for the money two for the fuckin show 
Ready get set, let's go 
Here comes the buckin bronco stompin and stampedin up the damn street 
Like them buffalo soldiers, I told ya I'm bout' to blow 
So look out below, geronimo, motherfuckers is dominos 
I'm on a roll, around and around I go 
When will I stop I don't know 
Tryna pick up where the Eminem Show left off 
But I know anything's possible 
Though I'm not gonna top what I sold 
I'm at the top of my game 
That shit is not gonna change 
Long as I got Dr. Dre on my team 
I'll get away with murder 

I'm Michael J. he's like my cock from the day 
We keep the mark from the tapes 
In a safe, locked them away 
Better watch what you say 
Just when you thought you were safe 
Them fuckers got you on tape 
You swear to God you was playin 
Whether or not you was little Joshua 
Gosh I wish I coulda told you to not do the same 
'Cause one day it could cost you your name 

And this was supposed to be my first single 
But I just fucked that up so
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle 
Slap a bitch and smack a ho

This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle 
That you hear on your radio 
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No

erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah 
Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Poo Poo Ca Ca 

Erra Erra Eric swallowed some generic sleeping pills 
And woke up in bed next to his best friend Derick bare naked 
chicka chicka chicka .. 
And then just turned 16 and used a fake id 
To sneak in V.I.P. to see R. Kelly 
Hehehehehe

To be so young and naive 
Oh what I wouldn't give to live so Kim and care free 
Paris and Nikki's parents must be so tickled to cherish 
Every picture with their kids with hickeys all over their necks 

Hickory Dickory derr digga 
Look at me work wizardry with these words 
Am I a jerk or just jerk chicken 
Or Chicka chicka chicka chicka jer jer jerkin the chain 
22 jerks and a jerk circle 
Or is it a circle jerk or wait a minute 
What am I sayin, allow me to run it back and rewind it 
rrrbb lemme ask you again 

Am I just jerkin the chain 
Am I bizerk or insane 
Or am I just one of them damn amateurs 
Workin the damn camera filmin one of them 
Paris Hilton home made pornos 
Who keeps tiltin the lens at an angle 

Chicka Chicka 
Just recently somebody just discovered 
Britney and Justin videotapes of them fuckin 
When they were just mouseketeers in the Mickey Mouse club 
And dusted them and went straight to The Source with them 

'Cause they coulda sworn someone said Nuh- 
And then tried to erase and record over it 
But if you listen close enough to it you can hear the 
Uh Uh and then the come-to-find-out-it-was-Justin 
Sayin "i'm gonna come" and this was 

And this was supposed to be my first single 
But I just fucked that up so
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle 
Slap a bitch and smack a ho

This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle 
That you hear on your radio 
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No

erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah 
Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Poo Poo Ca Ca 

Any opinions or somethin you just wanna get off your chest 
And address it about my lyrics, I'd love to hear it 
All you gotta do is pick up the phone and just dial up this number 
It's 1-800-I'm a dick sucker I love to suck a dick

And if someone picks up you can talk all the shit you want about me 
Just type in your number back and follow it by the pound key 
And I'll be sure to get back 
As soon as there comes a day that I fall out with Dre 
Wake up gay, make up with Ray (Hey!)

So fuck a chicken, lick a chicken, suck a chicken 
Beat a chicken, eat a chicken like it's a big cock bawka-bi-kaw 
Or suck a dick, and lick a dick and eat a dick 
And stick a dick in your mouth
I'm done you can fuck off, fucka-fucka-fuck off

And this was supposed to be my first single 
But I just fucked that up so
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle 
Slap a bitch and smack a ho

This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle 
That you hear on your radio 
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No
 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah 
Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah 
erra Oh Ah 
erra Poo Poo Ca Ca
As heard on The Slim Shady LP
Watch video at YouTubeDQbOzZ6zHdw|209|252

Em, What's goin' on, this is Paul Rosenberg, your faithful attorney at law.
Listen, I listened to the rough copy of your album and uhh, you know I just gotta be honest with you.
Could you tone it down a little bit, because there's only so much I can explain.
Gimme a call.

As heard on The Marshall Mathers LP

Em, what's goin' on, it's Paul.
Uhh, Dre gave me a copy of the new album, and I just... *sigh*
Fuck it.
*Hangs Up*

As heard on The Eminem Show
Watch video at YouTubeVL75Lf027B8|209|252

Em, it's Paul.
Listen, Joel just called me and he said you're in the fuckin' back behind his studio,
shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting range.
I told you not to fuckin' bring your gun around, like an idiot, outside of your home.
You're gonna get yourself in trouble.
Don't bring your gun outside of your home you can't carry it on you.
Leave your fucking gun at home.
*Hangs up*

As heard on Encore
Watch video at YouTubeKtbOED0Ag4o|209|252

Hey Em, it's Paul.
Uh, listen I just got a call from the label, and you're probably not gonna be surprised but uhm,
Michael Jackson is extremely upset about the Just Lose It video.
And uhm, I mean he's pissed, so I-I don't know what he's gonna do, but we gotta talk about how we're gonna handle this. Uhm...
Oh yeah, anyway, somebody told me that, uhm, they heard a rumor that you got a new gun, uhm.
I know it's probably not true, but I just need to talk to you about that. So, uh, give me a call. *Hangs Up*

As heard on Relapse
Watch video at YouTubeyrQlqJhAfOQ|209|252

Em, it's Paul.
Uhm, I just listened to the entire album.
And you gotta be fucking kidding me.
I mean with this Christopher Reeve shit, you know the guy's dead right?
And then the whole gay, step-father incest rape thing?
I don't have your back on this one, I can't even fuckin' handle it.
I'm done.
*Hangs Up*
Spoken:
Yeah.
Definitely, definitely, definitely dope.
Definitely, definitely K-Mart.
Yeah, yeah.


Eminem & Dr. Dre :

You find me offensive, I find you offensive for finding me offensive
Hence if I should draw out a line any fences, if so to what extents if
Any should I go, 'cause it's gettin' expensive
Being on the other side of the court room, on the defensive

They say I cause extensive, psychological nerve damage to the brain
When I go to lengths this far at other people's expenses
I say you're all just too goddamn sensitive
It's censorship and it's downright blasphemous

Let's end this shit now, 'cause I won't stand for this
And Christopher Reeves won't sit for this neither
And let's clear this up too, I ain't got no beef with him either
He used to be like a hero to me, I even believe I

Had one of those twenty-five cent stickers on my refrigerator
Right next to Darth Vader and Darth must have put a hex on him for later
I feel like it's my fault, 'cause of the way that
I stuck him off in between him and Lex Luther

I killed Superman I killed Super-man and how ironic
That I'd be the bad guy kryptonite, the green chronic

'Cause I ain't got no legs or no brain
Nice to meet you, hi my name is, I forgot my name
My aim was not to become, what I became with this level of fame
My soul is possessed by this devil, my new name is, Rain Man

Now in the bible it says, thou shall not watch two lesbians in bed
Have homosexual sex unless of course you were given the consent to join in
Then of course it's intercourse and it's bisexual sex
Which isn't as bad, as long as you show some remorse for your actions

Either before during or after, performing the act of that which
Is normally referred to as such, more commonly known phrases
That are more used by today kids, in a more derogatory way
But who's to say, what's fair to say and what not to say, let's ask Dr. Dre

Dr. Dre (What up?), I got a question if I may (Yeah)
Is it gay, to play putt putt golf with a friend (Yeah)
And watch his butt butt when he tees off (Yeah)
But but, I ain't done yet

In football a quarterback yells out hut hut, while he reaches in another grown man's ass
Grabs on his nuts, but just what if, it was never meant, it was just an accident
But he tripped fell slipped, and his penis went in, his teeny-tiny little round hiney
And he didn't mean it but his little weenie flinched, just a little bit

And I don't need to go into any more details but
What if he pictured it as a female's butt
Is that gay, I just need to clear things up
Till then I'll just walk around with a manly strut because

'Cause I ain't got no legs, or no brain
Nice to meet you, hi my name is, I forgot my name
My aim was not to become, what I became with this level of fame
My soul is possessed by this devil, my new name is, Rain Man

You find me offensive, I find you offensive
Shit, this is the same verse, I just did this
When am I gonna come to my good senses
Probably the day Bush comes to my defenses

My spider sense is tellin' me Spider-Man is nearby
And my plan is to get him next, and open up a whoop ass canister
Goddammit Dre, where's the goddamn beat (Yeah), anyway

Anyway, I don't know how else to put it
This is the only thing that I'm good at
I am the bad guy kryptonite, the green chronic
Demonic, yep yep, don't worry I'm on it

I got it, high-fived Nick Lachey
Stuck a pin in Jessica's head, and walked away
And as she flew around the room like a balloon I
Grabbed the last can of chicken tuna out the trash can, and zoom I

Headed straight back to the Neverland Ranch
With a peanut butter jelly chicken tuna sandwich
And I ain't even gotta make no goddamn sense
I just did a whole song and I didn't say shit

'Cause I ain't got no legs, or no brain
Nice to meet you, hi my name is, I forgot my name
My aim was not to become, what I became with this level of fame
My soul is possessed by this devil, my new name is, Rain Man

'Cause I-ahh ahh-ahh-ahh

Spoken:
Yo, Rain Man.
Definitely, definitely Dr. Dre, super-dope beat maker, two thousand and...
Two thousand, four hundred and eighty seven million, nine hundred and seventy three thousand four hundred and sixty three...
And seventy. (Yeah)
I don't understand
Why are you being so mean?
You're a mean, mean man

You're just jealous of me
'Cause you, you just can't do what I do
So instead of just admitting it
You walk around and say
All kinds of really mean things
About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie

But it's only 'cause you're just really jealous of me
'Cause I'm what you want to be
So you just look like an idiot
When you say these mean things
'Cause it's too easy to see
You're really just a big weenie, big weenie

Alright, listen, I need you to focus
I need you to go dig deep in your mind, this is important
We are going to perform an experiment of the sorts
I'm going to have to ask you to bear with me for a moment

Now, I need you to open your mind; your eyes, close them
You are now about to be placed under my hypnosis
For the next four and a half minutes
We are going to explore into your mind
To find out why you're so fucking jealous

Now, why did they make Yoo-hoo? Hippity ga-ga boo-boo
Psych, I'm kidding, I just wanted to see if you're still listenin' 
Okay, now I need your undivided attention
Sir, I have a question
Why do I always sense this undeniable tension?

From the moment that I enter into the room
It gets all quiet and whispers
Whenever there's conversation, why am I always mentioned?
I've been dying to ask; it's been itchin' at me
Is it just because

You're just jealous of me 'cause you, you just can't do what I do
So instead of just admitting it
You walk around and say all kinds of really mean things
About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie

But it's only 'cause you're just really jealous of me
'Cause I'm what you want to be
So you just look like an idiot
When you say these mean things
'Cause it's too easy to see
You're really just a big weenie, big weenie

Alright, now I, I just flubbed a line
I was going to say something extremely important
But I forgot who or what it was; I fucked up
Psych, I'm kidding again, you idiot; no, I didn't

That's just what you wanted to hear from me
Is that I fucked up, ain't it?
But I can bust one take without lookin' at no paper

It doesn't take a bunch of takes
Or me to stand here in this booth all day
For me to say the truth, okay?
You're droolin', you have tooth decay

Your mouth is open, you're disgusting
What the fuck d'you eat for lunch
A bunch of sweets or something, what?
You munch a bunch of Crunch 'n Munch?

Your tooth is rotten to the gum
Your breath stinks; wanna chew some gum?
"Yes I do, sir; what am I on?"
You, sir, are on truth serum

"Marshall, I'm so jealous of you"
"Please say you won't tell nobody"
"I'd be so embarrassed; I'm just absolutely terrified"
"That someone's gonna find out why I'm saying"
"All these terrible, evil, and awful mean things"
"It's my own insecurity"

You're just jealous of me 'cause you, you just can't do what I do
So instead of just admitting it
You walk around and say all kinds of really mean things
About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie

But it's only 'cause you're just really jealous of me
'Cause I'm what you want to be
So you just look like an idiot
When you say these mean things
'Cause it's too easy to see
You're really just a big weenie, big weenie

Alright, now we, we're going to conduct
That experiment that we were talking about earlier
Just to see what a frog looks like when it takes two hits of ecstasy
'Cause that's exactly what your eyes look like; want to check to see?

Here's a mirror; notice the resemblance here?
Wait, let me put these sunglasses on
Now look in this mirror; how about now?
What do you have in common?
You're both green with envy and look like idiots with sunglasses on 'em

You look like I sound like, singing about weenies
Now take my weenie out of your mouth
This is between me and you; I know you're not happy
I know you'd much rather see me lying in the corner of a room somewhere crying
Curled up in a ball, tweaked out of my mind, dying
There is no denying that my weenie is much bigger than yours is
Mine is like sticking a banana between two oranges
Why're you even doing this to yourself? It's pointless
Why do we have to keep on going through this? This is tortuous
My point is this:
That if you say mean things, your weenie will shrink
Now I forgot what the chorus is, you're just a...

You're just jealous of me 'cause you, you just can't do what I do
So instead of just admitting it
You walk around and say all kinds of really mean things
About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie

But it's only 'cause you're just really jealous of me
'Cause I'm what you want to be
So you just look like an idiot
When you say these mean things
'Cause it's too easy to see
You're really just a big weenie, big weenie

Get the fuck off my dick
Aye yo Paul, it's Em
I got your call about the Michael Jackson thing
And I know that he's not thrilled about the video
What does he wanna be startin' somethin'?
Well I'll show him who's really bad

Paul, the way you make me feel with these calls
You should really take a look at the man in the mirror and tell him to beat it because I won't stop till I get enough
Do you remember the time we were watching the Billy Jean video?
Well he'll always be that Michael to me, and it doesn't matter if he's black or white
Because I can't stop loving him
And I hate plastic surgeons, and I hope they all fucking die

How do you like that?
And I like him, I like him a lot
I want to touch him, but I can't

Excuse me, I'm taking a shit, sorry

Anyways, call me back, I have this idea about how I want to end the show
So, hit me when you get this message, fucker
Oh, and by the way, no I don't have a new gun (Goddamn it)
Okay!

Guess who's back (back, back)
Back again ( 'gain, 'gain)
Shady's back (back, back)
Tell a friend (friend, friend)

Now everyone report to the dance floor 
To the dance floor, to the dance floor 
Now everyone report to the dance floor 
Alright stop - pajama time 

Come here little kiddies, on my lap
Guess who's back with a brand new rap
And I don't mean wrap as in a new case
Of child molestation accusation

Aah aah aah aah aah
No worries, papa's got a brand new bag of toys
What else could I possibly do to make noise
Having touched on everything but little boys

An' that's not a stab at Michael
That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho
I go a little bit crazy sometimes
I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes

Good god, dip, do a little slide
Bend down, touch your toes and just glide
Up the center of the dance floor
Like tee pee for my bunghole and it's cool if you let one go

Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it
Give a little poot poot, it's okay (*fart*)
Oops my CD just skipped
And everyone just heard you let one rip

Now I'm gonna make you dance
Get your chance, yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl, girl, girl, girl
Girl, you know you're my world

Alright now lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Just lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Go crazy (aah aah aah aah aah)
Oh baby (aah aah) Oh baby(aah aah) 

It's Friday and it's my day 
Used to party all the way to Sunday 
Maybe till Monday, I dunno what day 
Every day's just a holiday

Cruisin' on the freeway, feelin' kinda breezy 
Got the top down, let my hair blow 
I dunno where I'm goin', all I know
Is when I get there someone's gonna touch my body

'Scuse me miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk 
But I'm feel just a little stressed out from work 
Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair 
Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out...there

What's your name girl, what's your sign
Dr. Dre: Man, you must be up out your mind
Eminem: Dre, aah aah, beer goggles, blind
I'm just trying to unwind now I'm

Now I'm gonna make you dance 
Get your chance 
Yeah boy shake that ass, 
Oops I mean girl, girl, girl, girl 
Girl, you know you're my world

Alright now lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Just lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Go crazy (aah aah aah aah aah)
Oh baby (aah aah) Oh baby(aah aah) 

It's Tuesday and I'm locked up 
I'm in jail and I don't know what happened 
They say I was running butt naked 
Down the street screaming (aah aah aah aah aah)

Well I'm sorry, I don't remember 
All I know is this much 
I'm not guilty 
They said save it 
Boy we got you on tape
Yelling at an old lady, 
"Touch my body."

Now this is the part where the rap breaks down 
It gets real intense no one makes a sound
Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now
The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves 

A step back to reality 
Look it's B. Rabbit 
You signed me up to battle
I'm a grown man 
Tubba tubba tubba tubba tubba tubba 
I don't have any lines to go right here so 
Tubba Teletubbie

Fellas (What?) fellas (What?) 
Grab your left nut, make the right one jealous (What?) 
Black girls, white girls, skinny girls, fat girls 
Tall girls, small girls, I'm calling all girls

Everyone report to the dance floor 
It's your chance for a little romance or 
Butt squeezin', it's the season 
Just go aah aah aah aah, it's so appeasing 

Now I'm gonna make you dance 
Get your chance 
Yeah boy shake that ass, 
Oops I mean girl, girl, girl, girl 
Girl, you know you're my world

Alright now lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Just lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Go crazy (aah aah aah aah aah)
Oh baby (aah aah) Oh baby(aah aah) 

Mmmmm touch my body 
Mmmmm touch my body 
Ooh boy just touch my body 
I mean girl just touch my body
The way you shake it, I can't believe it
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go
D-doing doing doing 

I don't believe it, it's almost too good to be true 
I ain't never seen an ass like that 
The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go 
D-doing doing doing

The way she moves she's like a belly dancer
She's shaking that ass to the new Nelly jams, I
Think someone's at the door, but I don't think I'm gon' answer
Police saying, "Freeze!", d-doing doing doing

What do you mean "freeze"?
Please, I'm a human being, I have needs
I'm not done, not till I'm finished peeing
I am not resisting arrest, I am agreeing
Mr. Officer, I'm already on my knees 

I can't get on the ground any further, it's impossible for me
And do not treat me like a murderer, I just like to pee
Pee, pee, yes I make R&B
I sing song it go, "ring-e-chong, a-ching-chong-chong-chong-ching"

Psych, I joke, I joke, I kid, I kid
If I offend I'm sorry, please please forgive
For I am Triumph the puppet dog, I am a mere puppet
I can get away with anything I say and you will love it

The way you shake it, I can't believe it
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go
D-doing, doing, doing

Jessica Simpson looks oh so temptin'
Nick, I ain't never seen an ass like that
Every time I see that show on MTV my pee-pee goes
D-doing, doing, doing

Mary-Kate and Ashley used to be so wholesome
Now they're getting older, they're starting to grow bum bums
I go to the movies and sit down with my popcorn
Police saying, "Freeze!", d-doing doing doing

What do you mean "freeze", geez, I just got my seat?
I have ticket look, I put away my zipper-zip
Please do not remove me from this movie theater please
I did not even get to see Mary-Kate's shower scene

I didn't mean to be obscene or make a great big scene
And don't treat me like I'm Pee-wee Herman, this movie's PG
Mr. Officer, I demand to see my attorney
I will simply plead innocent, cop a plea and be free

Free, yes, free, right back on the streets
What you mean my lawyer's with Michael, he's too busy
I am Triumph, Britney Spears has shoulders like a man
And I can say that and you'll laugh, 'cause there's a puppet on my hand
(Ha, ha, ha)

The way you shake it, I can't believe it 
I ain't never seen an ass like that 
The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go 
D-doing, doing, doing 

Hilary Duff is not quite old enough so
I ain't never seen a butt like that
Maybe next year I'll say ass and she'll make my pee-pee go
D-doing, doing, doing 

The way she moves she dances like a go-go
In that video she sings get out your poles, so
I need a new boyfriend, hi my name is JoJo
Police saying, "Freeze!", d-doing doing doing

What do you mean "freeze", my computers would be seized?
And my keys to my ranch, I just baked cookies
Mr. Officer, looky, take a whiff of these
Here, I make Jesus juice, take a sip of this

Nobody is safe from me, no not even me
I don't even know if I can say the word pee-pee, pee
On the radio, but I think I did
Janet, is that a breast, I think I just saw a tit?

Psych, I joke, I joke, I kid, I kid
I don't think my joke is working, I must flee quick
Get to the chopper, everybody get out
I am not Triumph, I am Arnold, get down

The way you shake it, I can't believe it
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go
D-doing doing doing

So Gwen Stefani, will you pee-pee on me please?
I ain't never seen an ass like that
'Cause the way you move it, you make my pee-pee go
D-doing, doing, doing 

Dr. Dre: Fuck is wrong with you?
(Ha)
Eminem
If there's any bitches in this room, then there's something I gotta say 
For all the fools who fell for the first girl who comes their way 
I've been down that road and now I'm back, sittin' on square one 
Tryna pick myself up where I started from 

Obie Trice 
I never woulda thought that I'd see you outta control 
Even though my penis was deep down in your hole 
You should know between us we was like mates to soul 
Nothing could intervene us, especially no hoes

You was more or so the chalant type, I chose 
To more shows, haunted you nights I suppose 
That's how it go, with time spent, emotion grows 
In the beginning, friends we decided to roll

So who's responsible when you get excited, explode 
And Obie's grinning, then you invite that Obie's cold 
But bitches the gon' talk, niggas they gon' hate 
We established this way before we became mates 

So whats required is that you chill with all that fire 
Get your desire when I retire 
Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine

I never thought I'd find someone to be mine 
Lord knows I was right cuz you just crossed the line 
Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine

Eminem
I used to say I never met a girl like you before 
Still ain't got a fuckin' clue as to who you truly are
Almost went as far as introducing you to my daughters
Till you went as far as goin' and snoopin' through my drawers

Now I just feel stupid for the loop that you threw me for 
Can't believe I almost flew the coop for some stupid whore 
You used to say all you wanted was for me to be yours 
All I ever wanted from you was a few booty calls

If you recall I used to treat you like a groupie broad 
When we fucked I refused to even take my jewelry off 
But it threw me off the first time I called and you blew me off 
It was a shock, it struck me as odd but it turned me on

You started getting moody on me, pretty soon we'd argue 
And the ruder you got, the more beautiful you got to me 
And who woulda even knew that who woulda even thought possibly 
Cupid could shoot another one of them goddamn darts at me

It's true that I got shot in the heart 
But when someone seems too good to be true, they usually are 
But see, when you're in it it's too hard to see 
Till you pull up and see some other dude's car parked and reach

Up under the seat as your heart starts to beat 
Before you make a decision that's life altering 
And just as you halt and you turn and you start to leave 
You hear them words echoing, almost haunting, that taunting ring

Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine
I never thought I'd find someone to be mine 
Lord knows I was right, 'cause you just crossed the line 
Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine

Stat Quo 
Yeah right, bitch. Spend some time on my dick.

In most cases, Stat's attitude is fuck-a-bitch 
My only motive is to get head and fuck a bitch 
But you was different, thought we shared a covenant 
Even held your hand in public

We sufferin' because of this 
Shorty on some whole 'notha other shit 
Tryna play sick thinkin' i'mma trick off rick 
I'll admit, I was caught in the mix, down to commit 
Feed you the best of me, I shoulda fed you piss

We started off closer than close 
But who coulda predicted to know, your triflin' ways woulda stopped our growth 
And the final result, back in that same boat 
I ask myself, do I love these hoes? NO! 

50 Cent
Em introduced us, "50 this is Tanya, Tanya this is 50" 
Then slid off and left her to kick it with me 
I complimented her, I said you have very nice lips 
With my imagination, I could see her suckin' my dick

We played the phone game, a week later, shit changed fast
Had her comin' over in a cab to give me some ass
Downtown Manhattan on the balcony, stare at the skyline
Penthouse full of imported shit, you know how I grind

She got to talkin', talkin' like an opportunist too
Why talk when suckin' my dick is the real career move?
Said she's an inspiring actress, she do videos for practice
Yeah, yeah, now how many times have I heard that shit?

Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine
I never thought I'd find someone to be mine 
Lord knows I was right cuz you just crossed the line 
Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine
Spoken
Yeah, I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now
But hey, what daddy always tell you?
Straighten up little soldier, stiffen up that upper lip
What you crying about?
You got me.

Hailie, I know you miss your mom and I know you miss your dad
When I'm gone, but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry

'Cause you're scared, I ain't there? Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more crying, wipe them tears, daddy's here, no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it
Laney uncle's crazy, ain't he? Yeah but he loves you girl and you better know it

We're all we got in this world When it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls two little beautiful girls
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze, I know it's confusin' you
Daddy's always on the move, mama's always on the news

I try to keep you sheltered from it, but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
All the things growing up his daddy, that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did

We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
But things have gotten so bad between us I don't see us ever being together
Ever again like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then of course everything always happens for a reason

I guess it was never meant to be
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream

Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night

I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright

It's funny, I remember back one year, when daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up, and stuck 'em under the tree
And said some of 'em were from me, 'cause daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying

'Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom
And at the time every house that we lived in either kept getting broke into and robbed
Or shot up on the block and your mom

Was saving money for you in a jar
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars till someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurt so bad, it broke your mama's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart

Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so mama moved back
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD
And met Dr. Dre and flew you and mama out to see me

But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me
Then you started seeing daddy on the TV
And mama didn't like it and you and Laney were to young to understand it
Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand

'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sittin' in this empty house
Just reminiscing lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now

Wow, guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here
Laney I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here
I like the sound of that, yeah, it's got a ring to it, don't it?
Shh, mama's only gone for the moment

Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night

I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright

And if you ask me too, daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
I'mma give you the world
I'mma buy a diamond ring for you, I'mma sing for you
I'll do anything for you to see you smile

And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine
I'mma break that birdies' neck
I'd go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya
And make him eat every karat, don't fuck with dad (ha ha)
I tell myself that I was doin' all right
There's nothin' left to do tonight
But go crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy, crazy on you, oh

Can't you see what you do to me, baby
You make me crazy, you make me act like a maniac
I'm like a lunatic, you make me sick
You're truly the only one who can do this to me
You just make me get so crazy

I go schizo, I get so insane I just go schizophrenic
One minute I wanna slit your throat, the next I wanna sex
You make me crazy, the way we act like two maniacs in the sack
We fuck like two jackrabbits and maybe that's a bad habit

'Cause the next day we right back at it
In the same exact pattern
What the fuck is the matter with us
We can't figure out if it's lust
Or if it's love which that is attractin' us to each other
They say that every man grows up to marry his own mother

Which would explain why you're such a motherfuckin' bitch
But I stay and still stick it out with you
Even though I just hit you today

But you deserved it, you hit me first
And provoked me to choke you
Just 'cause I came home late last night
Crawled in bed and I woke you

But if there's one thing about you that I admire, it's baby
Because you stay with me, maybe 'cause you're as crazy as I am
'Cause when I look at you, I can see an angel in your eyes
But if I look deeper inside, I see a freakish little side

Like a devil in disguise
You're always full of surprises
Always pullin' devices out your, personal vibrators
And dildos, you've fucked yourself so much
You barely feel those anymore, you're only 24
But you're plenty more mature
Then those other little ho's

Who just act like little girls
Like they're in middle school still you're crazy, sexy, cool
Chillin' you play your position you never step out of line
Even though I stay in your business
You've always kept out of mine

I wonder what's on your mind
Sometimes they say love is blind
Maybe that's why the first time I dotted your eye
You ain't see the sign
Or maybe you did maybe you like me in charge
Baby, 'cause we're crazy in love

I go crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy, crazy on you, oh

You are the ink to my paper
What my pen is to my my pad
The moral, the very fiber
The whole substance to my rap

You are my reason for being
The meaning of my existance
If it wasn't for you
I would never be able to spit this

As intense as I do, and the irony 
Is you rely on me as much 
As I rely on you to inspire me like you do
You provide me the lighter fluid to fuel in my fire
You're my entire supply of gas, the match and igniter

The only way that I'm able to stay so stable
Is you're the legs to my table
If you were to break I'd fall on my face
But I'm always gonna make you feel
I don't need you as much as I really need you
So you don't use it to your advantage

But you're essential to me
You're the air I breathe
I believe if you ever leave me
I'd probably have no reason to be

You are the Kim to my Marshall
You're the Slim to my Shady
The Dre to my Eminem
The Alaina to my Hailie

You are the word that I'm lookin' for
When I'm tryin' to describe how I feel inside
And the right one just won't come to my mind

You're like the pillow that props me up
The beam that supports me
The bitch who never took half
The wife who never divorced me

You're like the root to my evil
You let my devil come out me
You let me beat the shit out you
Before you beat the shit out me

And no matter how much too much is never enough
Baby, 'cause we're crazy in love

I go crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy, crazy on you, oh
I told ya'll mother fuckers I was comin' back.
(Oh, shit.)
What now nigga? What now?
(What are you doin'?)
What? Proof, the projects, nigga.

Eminem:
One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots
All I hear is gun shots; this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor; music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door, somebody's lickin' shots off

Bizarre:
Security's gone, I'm trapped in the club
And I'm tryin'a run and get my muthafuckin' gun
(Nigga, what about your wife?)
Nigga, fuck my wife
I'm tryin'a run and save my muthafuckin' life

Oh shit, the shooters comin'
Bitches hollerin', niggas runnin'
People shot all over the floor
And I'm tryin'a make it to the Saint Andrews door

That's the sound of the Glock 
Even DJ House fucked around and got shot
I done messed around and forget my TEC
I don't see nobody, but Fab 5 and Hex

Kuniva:
(Kuniva, you alright?)
These niggas is trippin'
(Where's Bizzare at?)
I'm tryin'a slip thru the exit and get to where my car is at
Bitches screamin' everywhere and niggas is wild
Two minutes ago, we was all jokin' and smilin'

This chick is clingin' on to me sobbin' and sighin'
Says she didn't mean to diss me earlier and she cryin'
But its real and its on, and cats is gettin' killed
So I hugged her and used her body as a human shield

And she got hit now she's yellin' "Don't leave me!"
I told her I'd be right back and the dumb bitch belived me
I squeezed through the back door and made my escape
I ran and got my .38, I hope it's not too late

Eminem:
One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots
All I hear is gun shots; this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor; music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door, somebody's lickin' shots off

Swift (with Kon Artis):
(I been tryna call you all day muthafucker, where you at? )
I'm on seven mile...
(Gun shots)
what the fuck was that? 
(Gun shots)
Damn, somebody hit me from the back 
(Wit' they car?)
Wit' a gat nigga, and my tire's flat
An I just hit a pole
Them niggas some hoe's
(Is you hit?)
I dont know, but I can tell you what they rolled with
It was a black Mitsubishi
(Shit, thats the clique we beefin' wit')
Man
(I swear!)
And I was on my way there

Belive me, I'm leavin' a carcass today
Now I'mma park my car and walk the rest of the way
I'm in the mood to strut; my AK ain't even tucked
I'ma meet you at the club we gon' fuck these hoes up

Eminem:
One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots
All I hear is gun shots; this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor; music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door, somebody's lickin' shots off

I never seen no shit like this in my life before
People are still camped out from the night before
Sleepin' outside the door, waitin in lines
Still tryin'a get in the club, to see D12 perform

The fire marshalls know the venue's too small
People are wall to wall; three thousand and some odd fans
And some cumwad from out the parking lot
Gets into an arguement over a parking spot

Decides to pull his gun out and lets a few of 'em off
Missed who he's aimin' for, six feet away's the door
Into Saint Andrew's Hall; now the strays flyin' all over the place
Grazed one bitch in the face

Another one of 'em came through the wall
Before anyone could even hear the first shot go off
I'm posted up at the bar havin' a mazel tov
Bullet wizzed right by my ear, damn-near shot it off

Thank God I'm alive, I gotta find Denaun
And where the fuck is Von he usually tucks one on 'im
Wait a minute, I think I just saw Bizarre
Naw, I guess not; what the fuck? Oh my god, it was

I never saw him run so fast in my life
Look at him haulin' ass, I think he left his wife
There she is on the ground beein' trampled
I go to grab her up by the damn hand but I can't pull her

Goddamn there just went a nother bullet, I'm hit
My vest is barely able to handle it; it's too thin
If I get hit again, I cant do it, I scooped deep
Followed Bizzare's path, and ran through it and

Made it to the front door and collapsed on the steps 
Looked up and I seen Swift shootin' it out
But I can't see who hes shootin' it out with
But Denuan's right behind him squeezin' his fourth-fifth

One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots
All I hear is gun shots; this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor; music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door, somebody's lickin' shots off

Kon Arits:
This is a Friday night, came to this bitch right
Big ass in my left and Desert Eagle in my right
I ain't come in this bitch to party, I came in this bitch to fight
Although I can't stay here to fight 'cause I'm poppin' niggas tonight

Thats right bitches, I'm drunk on revenge
Shot a bouncer in the neck for tryin'a check when I got in
Swift told me to meet him here so it's clear that the fuck 
Shot out the back of his truck is up in this motherfucker

So one shot's for the money, two's to stop the show
Thirds for the bartender (I just wanna know who's drivin' a black Mitsubishi)
He tried to run so Proof shot him in the knee wit' a three piece

Eminem:
One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots
All I hear is gun shots; this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor; music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door, somebody's lickin' shots off
 Instrumental
*Glass smashing*
*Dog's barking*

There's an intruder, in my house
He cut my phone-line, can't dial out
I scream for police, but I doubt
They're gonna hear me when I shout

A couple o' cocktails, will send me to jail
There's a couple of cops, hot on my trail
But this time when I get pulled over, there's a Doberman Pincher
And a Pit Bull in the seat, these pigs'll get bit, foolin' with me

Quit foolin' with me, bitch you're gonna see
No pistol in the seat, why it always gotta be
An issue when you're me and which you're gonna see
In the long run, I'mma be the wrong one

You wanna harass, with this limo-tinted glass
Flashin' that flashlight on my ass
Where was you at, last night when them assholes
Ran up on my grass, rapper slash actor
Kiss the crack of my cracker slash ass

They took away my right to bare arms
What I'm 'posed to fight wit' bare palms
Yeah right, they comin' with bombs
I'm comin' with flare guns, we as Americans

We as a Americans, us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves, look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves, livin' up in these streets
Through worse and through better health, surviving by any means

We as Americans, us as a citizen
We as Samaritans, what do we get us in
We better check ourselves, look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live, this is America and we are Americans

I make bookoo bucks, wear bookoo vests
Drama hangin' over my head, like a voodoo hex
I could've been next, to fly over the cuckoo's nest
But you know who, with an "S" tattooed to my chest

But I've finessed it, now I got the industry pissy
Ever since me and Dre split it 50/50 on 50, it's funny
We got a buzz spreadin' quicker than making paper airplanes out of a 20
Fuck money, I don't rap for dead presidents

I'd rather see the president dead, it's never been said, but I said precedents
In the standards, and they can't stand it
My name should've been bastard
The shit should've been plastered

On my forehead with a stamp
I should've been blasted
I should've been had a cap put in my ass
But I'm too swift and fast for that, one bastard
I'm too old to go an' cruise Gratiot, fuck that shit

I done seen how fast this rap shit
Can turn into some pap-pap shit, that quick, snap click
But this time they got the fuckin Au-to-ma-tic
Ain't no one Gon' test this Mon', clack click

We as a Americans, us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves, look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves, livin' up in these streets
Through worse and through better health, surviving by any means

We as Americans, us as a citizen
We as Samaritans, what do we get us in
We better check ourselves, look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live, this is America, and we are Americans

Shh, I got a secret, if you can keep it between us
I tuck 2 Nina's under my jeans, either side of my penis
Under my Long Johns, under my Sean Johns
When runnin' with the long arm or the long long gone

I'mma do five years no less than that, o questions asked
So it might be a good idea that I stop right here
And quit while I'm ahead, already in the red
Already got a steady infrared meant for my head

A target on my back, bigger problems than that
Bin Laden on my ass, he probably gon' send a task
I ain't gone even ask, they ain't gon' let me pack
They ain't gon' gimme my semi but I got my weed back

We as a Americans, us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves, look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves, livin' up in these streets
Through worse and through better health, surviving by any means

We as Americans, us as a citizen
We as Samaritans, what do we get us in
We better check ourselves, look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live, this is America, and we are Americans
The more you put me through
The more it makes me wanna come back to you
You say you hate me, I just love you more
You don't want me, I just want you more

I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
I know it's sad but it's making me happy
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on
Because you love me and I love you more

It's sick but who could ever predict we'd be doin' the same shit
We say that we do it for our baby but we don't, we do it for us
It's lust, 'cause neither one of us trusts each other so we fuck
Till we bust, till cuss each other out, we know what it's about
Shout till I throw you out the house, you throw me out the house
I throw you on the couch, punch you in the mouth
We fist fight till we turn this mother out and apologize after, laughter
Pain, it's insane, we're back in the same chapter again
And it's sad but it's true, when i'm laying here with you
There ain't nothing anyone could ever say or ever do

'Cause the more you put me through
The more it makes me wanna come back to you
You say you hate me, I just love you more
You don't want me, I just want you more

I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
I know it's sad but it's making me happy
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on
Because you love me and I love you more

'Cause I hate you, do you hate me? 
Good, 'cause you're so fuckin beautiful when you're angry
It makes me wanna just take you and just throw you
On the bed and fuck you like I don't even know you

You fuck other people and I FUCK other people
You're a SLUT, but i'm equal, i'm a MUTT, we're both evilin our ways 
but neither one of us would ever admit it
'Cause one of us would have one up on the other so forget it

We can make accusations, people spread rumours
But they ain't got proof, till they do, it's just the two of us
You and me, 'cause any chick can say that she's screwin' me
But you gotta believe it to a degree 'cuz true indeed
If you didn't I wouldn't be hittin', yeah I would 
'Cuz the sex is too damn good, if I ran, who would I run to
That would be this soft and warm? So it's off and on
Usually more off then on but at least we know that we
Share this common bond, you're the only one I can fuck
without a condom on, I hope the only reason that I cope
Is 'cuz of that fact and I can bust in that, and that's why

The more you put me through
The more it makes me wanna come back to you
You say you hate me, I just love you more
You don't want me, I just want you more
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
I know it's sad but it's making me happy
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on
Because you love me and I love you more


I can never understand it, that's why I don't try
From junior high until we both die, you silly hoe why must we try
Is it really so rough that we must always call each other's Billy Goat's Gruff

Try to pull each other's legs until the other begs
We're lying to ourself, that's the beauty of it, yeah
'Cause we truly love each other, that's why we always fight
And all we do is shove each other every other fuckin' night

And it's clear, it ain't gonna change, this pinned up rage
We both have, we both feel like we've been upstaged
By someone else, we both been someone else's someone else
The problem is neither one wants help

It's an addiction
And it can't be fixed, our family's mixed up
There's a baby sister in the mix and it hurts
'Cause the pieces to the puzzle don't fit
And anybody who thinks he knows us doesn't know shit

And they're probably just tired of hearing it all the time on every song
Every lyric and every rhyme, all the hoopla, all of the woopty woo
What you put me through, fuckin' woopty do

But I won't be made a fool of, if this is true love
You wouldn't do what you did last time, you wouldn't screw up
This time, 'cause this time girl i'm tellin you what
You do it again and i'm fuckin' you up 

No matter what you say, what you do
I'ma hunt you down 'till I find you
No matter where you run, i'll be right there
Right behind you in your nightmares

So much for them flowers, and the candy
All the times that you threw it back at me
Told me you hate me, you 'gon hate me more
When you find out you can't escape me, whore

The more you put me through
The more it makes me wanna come back to you
You say you hate me, I just love you more
You don't want me, I just want you more
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
I know it's sad but it's making me happy
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on
Because you love me and I love you more
Once you call my name out things will never be the same
They should have never let us get off foot in this game

Ever since I was introduced to rap music
I been missin a screw like Bishop and Juice
I could lose it at any moment
Those who know me know it
So they probaly told you go with the flow
Just so that I don't explode
And have another episode where I let it go as far as
The one with Benzino did

I'm waitin for that next beef
I'm cocked, locked and loaded
I'm ready to go so bad I'm goin bananas
My dick's so hard Anna Nicole could use it
To fuckin' pole vault with
Oh shit, I mean when she was still bloated 
Before they cut her stomach open and lipoed it

Anybody I throw flames at gets a name it's a game
Cause they know that they don't spit the same
It's a shame, what people do for 10 minutes of fame
Everyday it's the same thing
People in this game try to buddy buddy us
Just to get close enough to study us
Everybody just wants to have somethin to do with that
They all tryin' to get that stamp
They after that Shady/Aftermath money

It's like a monopoly
They probaly just now finally understand how to rob fully
50 Cent was like a fuckin' jackpot for me 
And Dre, it's like we hit the fuckin lottery

And a damn slot machine at the same time as each other
Why the fuck you think we rhyme like we brothers
When we rhyme with each other 
In time we discovered that we had more in common 
Then we thought with each other

Both robbed of our mothers
Our fathers ain't want us
What was wrong with us, was it our fault
Cause we started thinkin God doesn't love us
Two hard motheruckers who just happened to meet at the right time
What a coincidence cause when 50 got shot up in Jamaica Queens
I still remember the call up in chunking cause

Big L had just got popped just a month before
If 50 lives he's gettin dropped from Columbia
Two years later me and Doc had to come and operate
That's when he popped up a number one
And we ain't never gonna stop if you wonderin
Even if I'm under the gun 

You ain't gotta agree all the time with me
Or see eye to eye there'll always be animosity between you and I
But see the difference is if it is I could give a shit 
Still gonna conduct motherfuckin buisness as usual

Ego's aside, fore I bruise em' all 
Swallow your pride fore I step on it with shoes you call Nike's
Earth links how do you like these you gotta love them
Look at the bottom of em' they're like cleats
Stompin, I been rompin since Tim Dogg was hollerin
'Fuck Compton'

I was whilin', freestylin'
Back when they was still makin Maxell cassettes
I wasn't even raps Elvis yet 
That tells us that any doubts in your head that seals the shit

Ricky-Ticky-Toc-Ticky-Ticky-Toc
Still with the Diggy-Diggy-Doc-Diggy-Diggy-Doc
And you don't stop
It's 50 a.k.a Ferrari F-50
Break it down
I got a lot of living to do before I die
And I ain't got tyme to waste
Let's make it

You said you a gansta but you never pop nuttin'
We said you a wanksta and you need to stop frontin'
You ain't a friend of mine, yeah
You ain't no kin of mine, nah
What makes you think that I wont run up on you with the nine
We do this all tha time, right now we on tha grind
So hurry up and copy and go selling nicks and dimes

Shorty she so fine, I gotta make her mine
An ass like that gotta be one of a kind
I crush 'em everytime, punch 'em with every line
I'm fuckin with they mind
I make 'em press rewind

They know they can't shine if I'm around the rhyme
Been on parole since '94 'cause I commit the crime
I send you my line, I did it three to nine
If D's ran up in my crib, you know who droppin dimes

You said you a gangsta, but you neva pop nuttin
We said you a wanksta and you need to stop frontin'
You go to the dealership, but you neva cop nuttin'
You been hustlin a long time and you ain't got nuttin'

You said you a gangsta, but you neva pop nuttin
We said you a wanksta and you need to stop frontin'
You go to the dealership, but you neva cop nuttin'
You been hustlin a long time and you ain't got nuttin'

Damn Homie, in high school you was tha man, homie
What tha fuck happened to you?
I got tha sickest vendetta when it come to tha chedda
And if you play wit my paper, you gotta meet my berretta

Now shorty think I'ma sweat her, sippin on amoretta
I'm livin once than deada, I know I can do better
She look good but I know she after my chedda
She tryna get in my pockets, homie and I ain't gonna let her

Be easy, stop tha bullshit, you get your whole crew wet
We in tha club doin' the same ol' two step
Guerilla unit 'cause, they say we bugged out
'Cause we don't go nowhere without toast we thugged out

You said you a gangsta, but you neva pop nuttin
We said you a wanksta and you need to stop frontin'
You go to the dealership, but you neva cop nuttin'
You been hustlin a long time and you ain't got nuttin'

You said you a gangsta, but you neva pop nuttin
We said you a wanksta and you need to stop frontin'
You go to the dealership, but you neva cop nuttin'
You been hustlin a long time and you ain't got nuttin'

Me I'm no mobsta, me I'm no gangsta
Me I'm no hitman, me I'm jus me, me
Me I'm no wanksta, me I'm no actor
But it's me you see on your TV

'Cause I hustle baby, this rap shit is so easy
I'm gettin' what you get for a brick to talk greasy
By any means, partner, I got to eat on these streets
If you play me close, for sure I'm gonna pop my heat

Niggas sayin they goin murder 50, how?
We ridin 'round with guns the size of Lil Bow Wow
What you know about AK's and AR 15's?
Equipped with night vision, shell catchers and dem things, huh

You said you a gangsta, but you neva pop nuttin
We said you a wanksta and you need to stop frontin'
You go to the dealership, but you neva cop nuttin'
You been hustlin a long time and you ain't got nuttin'

You said you a gangsta, but you neva pop nuttin
We said you a wanksta and you need to stop frontin'
You go to the dealership, but you neva cop nuttin'
You been hustlin a long time and you ain't got nuttin'

Haha, damn homie
(Royce Da 5'9")
Yo, yo. It's several different levels to pickin' up shovels
And dumpin' you in ditches under sea-level, front and you can witness
Let me refreshen you niggas; tell you my position in this
Beef! - Leave you under Venice, opposition finished!
Here it is, we invaded, created a pyramid
Of a haven of names, so blame Dre and that ear o' his
So (heavy breathing) breathe, I rather reach for your neck
And I never heat you for respect, unless you greet me wit' less
I got a skunk in my trunk
I'm lyin' - I got a pump in my trunk
You dyin'. How many lumps niggas want?
Who's ready for y'all? We ready for y'all.
We too incredibly raw, for any artist that said he would draw
I stand firm, and it hurts to live it
You open up that can of worms, I hope you ready for the dirt that's wit' it
Slap a ho, snatch a mic.
Bein' brought to y'all in black and in white
(It's the new!) Joe Jackson and Ike.
We renegades!

(Eminem)
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician but I'll kick it wit' 'em a minute
'Cause see they call me a menace; and if the shoe fits I'll wear it
But if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth grin and bear it
Now who's the king of these rude, ludicrous, lucrative lyrics
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics
Usin' his music to steer it, sharin' his views and his merits
But there's a huge interference - they're sayin' you shouldn't hear it
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated, disputed, hated and viewed in America
As a motherfuckin' drug addict - like you didn't experiment?
N-now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
And see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrassed
And I got nothin' to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fuckin' do-gooders, too bad you couldn't do good at marriage! (Ha ha!)
And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't
Think you do, so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo
'Cause here we go: he's Royce, he's the King of Detroit
And I'm the sinister Mr. Kiss-My-Ass, he's just a-

(Eminem)
Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk
About anything. (Anything?) Anything.

(Royce Da 5'9")
'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to talk
About anything (Anything?) Anything. (Anything!)

I determine what time it's on, I call my nigga Proof
Hand him a pint of Lim&#xF3;n and turn him loose
I'm tired of you new jacks
I'm tired of niggas that's like ("I'm 'bout to blow!")
'Less you a bitch, we don't care if you 'bout to do that
Move back, youngster, the glock gon' speak
Chew up your vest and turn your chest hair to taco-meat
The street, continuous to pit, quick to smash ya
Or flash the clip, or give you the picture (Developed it.)
Click-clock, six shots blows through another door
And it gets hot, Hip-Hop Quotable tug o' war (Yeah!)
Who did you niggas beats, you bitches, who made it work?
That shit was (raspberry) - I got harder two-way alerts.
Just when I thought my dog couldn't get any meaner
You talk about his daughter, he probably go get you the nina;
You talk about his momma, he won't even give you the finger
He's (Crazy!) Deranged! Not media eaters, we renegades!

(Eminem)
See I'm a poet to some - a regular modern day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ the King of these Latter Day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me
As a monger of hate, Satanist, scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the latter - a gateway to escape?
Media scapegoat, who they can be mad at today
See it's easy as cake, simple as whistlin' Dixie
While I'm wavin' the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics
In holy water - no wonder they try to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfuckin' spiteful, delightful eyeful
The new Ice Cube - motherfuckers hate to like you
What did I do? (Huh?) I'm just a kid from the gutter
Makin' his butter off these bloodsuckers, 'cause I'm a mo'fuckin'

(Eminem)
Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk
About anything. (Anything?) Anything.

(Royce Da 5'9")
'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to talk
About anything (Anything?) Anything. (Anything!)

(Eminem)
Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk
About anything. (Anything?) Anything.

(Royce Da 5'9")
'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a- (Renegade!) Never been afraid to talk
About anything (Anything?) Anything...
Aight, man, whatever...

Spoken:
Dre, just let it run.
Hey yo, turn the beat up a little bit
Hey yo, this song is for anyone... fuck it, just shut up and listen
Hey yo

I sit back with this pack of Zig-Zags and this bag
Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this... on this earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse

And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
All this tension dispensin' these sentences gettin' this stress
That's been eatin' me recently off of this chest

And I rest again peacefully (peacefully)
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eatin' or feedin' my daughter

To not come and speak to me (speak to me)
I don't know you and no, I don't owe you a mo-therfuck-ing thing
I'm not Mr. *NSYNC, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick

If you tempt me my tank is on empty (is on empty)
No patience is in me and if you offend me
I'm liftin' you 10 feet (10 feet) in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me destroy you

Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of arguin' (of arguin)
I don't mean to be mean, but that's all I can be, it's just me

And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam

'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered
With all of this nonsense, it's constant
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content.
That song "Guilty Conscience" has gotten such rotten responses."

And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
Points a finger at me (finger at me)
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinky

Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too
When a dude's gettin' bullied and shoots up his school

And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn) and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see an upper class city

Havin' this happenin' (this happenin' )
Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way (rap this way)
But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire
To burn and it's burnin' and I have returned

And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam

'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

I'm so sick and tired of bein' admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name Is"

And pigeonholed into some poppy sensation
That copped me rotation at rock 'n' roll stations
And I just do not got the patience (got the patience)
To deal with these cocky caucasians

Who think, I'm some wigger who just tries to be black
'Cause I talk with an accent and grab on my balls
So they always keep askin' the same fuckin' questions (fuckin' questions)
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in?

The why, the who, what, when, the where and the how
Till I'm grabbin' my hair and I'm tearin' it out (ahhh)
'Cause they drivin' me crazy (me crazy)
I can't take it, I'm racin', I'm pacin', I stand and I sit

And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit in the bathroom without someone standin' by it
No, I won't sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole, I'm glad

'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam

'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am
I got a riddle,
What's little and talks big,
With midget arms and creamy white filling in the middle,
That'll do anything to throw dirt on my name,
If it means walking the whole Mediterranean,
Is it an Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tasmanian,
No, his name's Raymond and oh,
Oh sorry, yo, so sorry, whoa
But that was a long time ago,
When I was just Joe Schmo,
Rapping in Joe Blow's basement,
I apologized for it before so,
Either accept it or you don't,
And let's move on,
If I ain't shown that I've grown you get the bone,*
Keep lickin' these nuts you industry mutts,
Keep walking around sniffing each other's butts,
Or should I say asses,
What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses,
The question I ask is how can I explain this,
How can I swing this in English language,
If I switched to slang and turned man to mane,
Do I do it in vain or simply to entertain,
Am I being real or am I being fake,
Am I just a fraud or am I truly genuine,
Or am I caught up in this hot water,
Word on my daughter,
I told you That I love this culture,
Don't let 'em insult ya,
I'ma tell you once more again
This is the environment I was brought up in,
But every now and then,
I use my pen to get rid of some frustration,
Or should I say "shun",
Is it just another one of my subliminal ways of racism,*
Your face is numb, you're stunned,
Your look is cold like that of a man of 70 some years old,*
And it only gets colder,
Which is why I understand,
You can't be mad at a 44 year old fan with a chip on his shoulder,
Who only owns a half of a magazine,
And the only way to have it seen is to put me on the front of it again,
Only thing that makes him grin is to see me frown,*
Papa can't stand me,
Papa needs to take his medication and sit the fuck down,
In his new chair that goes round and round,
That he bought from the money in his bank account,
That I get him every issue when the thing comes out,
Sit back and let his puffy clown hair come out,
And let his black side arm wrestle his white side,
Yell apartheid loud enough that he might slide,
He might find someone dumb enough who might ride,*
But ain't nobody over here buying two white guys,
Disguised as pro-black,
There is no slack for a Harvard college great in a fitted hat,
And a hunchback standin by the clearance coat rack,
In some old slacks and some RSO throwbacks, yeah*
Shady in the place to bc,
And it takes what I got to rock the mike, right*
Still not gonna cater these punks,
Fuckin' cock-suckin, pussy-lips, hated, dicks, cunts.*

 Instrumental
Okay!

Guess who's back (back, back)
Back again ( 'gain, 'gain)
Shady's back (back, back)
Tell a friend (friend, friend)

Now everyone report to the dance floor 
To the dance floor, to the dance floor 
Now everyone report to the dance floor 
Alright stop - pajama time 

Come here little kiddies, on my lap
Guess who's back with a brand new rap
And I don't mean wrap as in a new case
Of child molestation accusation

Aah aah aah aah aah
No worries, papa's got a brand new bag of toys
What else could I possibly do to make noise
Having touched on everything but little boys

An' that's not a stab at Michael
That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho
I go a little bit crazy sometimes
I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes

Good god, dip, do a little slide
Bend down, touch your toes and just glide
Up the center of the dance floor
Like tee pee for my bunghole and it's cool if you let one go

Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it
Give a little poot poot, it's okay (*fart*)
Oops my CD just skipped
And everyone just heard you let one rip

Now I'm gonna make you dance
Get your chance, yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl, girl, girl, girl
Girl, you know you're my world

Alright now lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Just lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Go crazy (aah aah aah aah aah)
Oh baby (aah aah) Oh baby(aah aah) 

It's Friday and it's my day 
Used to party all the way to Sunday 
Maybe till Monday, I dunno what day 
Every day's just a holiday

Cruisin' on the freeway, feelin' kinda breezy 
Got the top down, let my hair blow 
I dunno where I'm goin', all I know
Is when I get there someone's gonna touch my body

'Scuse me miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk 
But I'm feel just a little stressed out from work 
Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair 
Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out...there

What's your name girl, what's your sign
Dr. Dre: Man, you must be up out your mind
Eminem: Dre, aah aah, beer goggles, blind
I'm just trying to unwind now I'm

Now I'm gonna make you dance 
Get your chance 
Yeah boy shake that ass, 
Oops I mean girl, girl, girl, girl 
Girl, you know you're my world

Alright now lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Just lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Go crazy (aah aah aah aah aah)
Oh baby (aah aah) Oh baby(aah aah) 

It's Tuesday and I'm locked up 
I'm in jail and I don't know what happened 
They say I was running butt naked 
Down the street screaming (aah aah aah aah aah)

Well I'm sorry, I don't remember 
All I know is this much 
I'm not guilty 
They said save it 
Boy we got you on tape
Yelling at an old lady, 
"Touch my body."

Now this is the part where the rap breaks down 
It gets real intense no one makes a sound
Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now
The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves 

A step back to reality 
Look it's B. Rabbit 
You signed me up to battle
I'm a grown man 
Tubba tubba tubba tubba tubba tubba 
I don't have any lines to go right here so 
Tubba Teletubbie

Fellas (What?) fellas (What?) 
Grab your left nut, make the right one jealous (What?) 
Black girls, white girls, skinny girls, fat girls 
Tall girls, small girls, I'm calling all girls

Everyone report to the dance floor 
It's your chance for a little romance or 
Butt squeezin', it's the season 
Just go aah aah aah aah, it's so appeasing 

Now I'm gonna make you dance 
Get your chance 
Yeah boy shake that ass, 
Oops I mean girl, girl, girl, girl 
Girl, you know you're my world

Alright now lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Just lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Go crazy (aah aah aah aah aah)
Oh baby (aah aah) Oh baby(aah aah) 

Mmmmm touch my body 
Mmmmm touch my body 
Ooh boy just touch my body 
I mean girl just touch my body
(Footsteps and a belch are heard)
Whoooo!
Hey, how you guys doin'.
You want more?
All right, then SHUT UP!

Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo)
Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo)
Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo)
Shoobeedoo Shoobee Snoobedeebeebop

Girl (girl, girl, girl)
Your My World (world, world world)
Your My Girl (girl, girl girl)
You're my world, world world.

Here's a song for da ladies.
Ah, Ah, Aahaaah (oh god damn!)
I'm gonna fackin' cum! (oh shit!)
Faack fack faaaaaaack (fuck I am!)
I am, I'm going to cum (I'm cumming!)

(Oh yeah god) I never seen no shit like this,
This bitch can twist like a damn contortionist
Condom on my dick of course it is,
This bitch don't know what abortion is
So I can't cum in her,
Fucks like a porn star, looks like Jenna,
Fuck I'm gonna, cum
I think my rubbers comin' off,
But oh it's so fucking wet and soft,
Fuck, I'm gonna start lettin' off
I'm squirting and she's not gettin' off,
And she's on top
I'm gonna fucking, oh god,
Oh don't do that don't, stop,
Stop don't, I don't mean don't stop,
Ow wait a minute
Oh oh fack I... I'm gonna fuckin' cum! *squirt squirt squirt*

Ah Ah Ahhah (oh god damn!)
I'm gonna fackin' cum! (oh shit!)
Fack fack faaaack (fack I am!)
I am, I'm going to cum (I'm coming!)

Ooh wow, boom that pow ooh ow I need a cigarette now!
Ow I'm so fucking hot,
And you're so fucking hot,
Oh my god,
I wanna fackin' fack
No not fuck, I said fack,
F-a-c-k, f-a-c-k, fack, fack fack fackin' freak me!
Oh yeah girl see baby they call me Mr. Freaky,
Let's call your sister, three-way have some three-some, me so horny!
And you're such a fuckin' babe I wanna go down on you, fack you shave!
Oh god damn here I go again, I'm gonna cum I am

Ah Ah Ahhhah (oh god damn!)
I'm gonna fackin' cum! (oh shit!)
Fack fack faaaaack (fack I am!)
I am, I'm going to come (I'm coming!)

*Someone mumbling*

Ok I'm done,
I already came twice,
You ain't gonna make me cum,
I'm all outta gas,
Not so fast! Uh your finger just went in my ass!
Ow that hurts! Take it out now
Oh wait a minute no put it back in, in in in
This don't mean I'm gay I don't like men
I like boobs, boobs, boobs
Now see that gerbil, grab that tube,
Shove it up my butt,
Let that little rascal nibble on my asshole, uh, yeah, right there, right there,
Ah I'm coming ah yeah,
Fack, I just came again, okay pull it out now,
Oh fuck yeah, wait he's not out he's still crawling around up there,
Ow fack I think it's stuck
Ow but it feels so fucking good!

Ah Ah Aaahhaah (oh god damn!)
I'm gonna fackin' cum! (oh shit!)
Fack fack faaaaaaaaack (fack I am!)
I am, I'm going to cum (I'm coming!)

Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube!
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube!
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube!
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube!
Ew ew ew ew
Aight, man, whatever...

Spoken:
Dre, just let it run.
Hey yo, turn the beat up a little bit
Hey yo, this song is for anyone... fuck it, just shut up and listen
Hey yo

I sit back with this pack of Zig-Zags and this bag
Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this... on this earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse

And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
All this tension dispensin' these sentences gettin' this stress
That's been eatin' me recently off of this chest

And I rest again peacefully (peacefully)
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eatin' or feedin' my daughter

To not come and speak to me (speak to me)
I don't know you and no, I don't owe you a mo-therfuck-ing thing
I'm not Mr. *NSYNC, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick

If you tempt me my tank is on empty (is on empty)
No patience is in me and if you offend me
I'm liftin' you 10 feet (10 feet) in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me destroy you

Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of arguin' (of arguin)
I don't mean to be mean, but that's all I can be, it's just me

And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam

'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered
With all of this nonsense, it's constant
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content.
That song "Guilty Conscience" has gotten such rotten responses."

And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
Points a finger at me (finger at me)
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinky

Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too
When a dude's gettin' bullied and shoots up his school

And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn) and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see an upper class city

Havin' this happenin' (this happenin' )
Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way (rap this way)
But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire
To burn and it's burnin' and I have returned

And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam

'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

I'm so sick and tired of bein' admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name Is"

And pigeonholed into some poppy sensation
That copped me rotation at rock 'n' roll stations
And I just do not got the patience (got the patience)
To deal with these cocky caucasians

Who think, I'm some wigger who just tries to be black
'Cause I talk with an accent and grab on my balls
So they always keep askin' the same fuckin' questions (fuckin' questions)
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in?

The why, the who, what, when, the where and the how
Till I'm grabbin' my hair and I'm tearin' it out (ahhh)
'Cause they drivin' me crazy (me crazy)
I can't take it, I'm racin', I'm pacin', I stand and I sit

And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit in the bathroom without someone standin' by it
No, I won't sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole, I'm glad

'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam

'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
In the paper, the news every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady

(Ahem. Excuse me! Can I have the attention of the class for one second?)

Hi, kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah-yeah-yeah!)
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?)

My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin' to get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Umm...)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!"
Uh-uh! "Then why's your face red? Man, you wasted!"

Well, since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else
'Cause I hung my original self, from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off, and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard, I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross

I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch, who sat down too fast
C'mere slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg!)
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off!

Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady

My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser
Chased him with a stapler, stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Ow-w-w-w!)

Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
Extra-terrestrial, running over pedestrians
In a spaceship, while they're screamin' at me, "Let's just be friends!"

Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out, my mom does more dope than I do (Damn!)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doin' drugs and name it after her (Oh, thank you!)

You know you blew up when the women rush the stands
And try to touch your hands like some screamin' Usher fans (Ahh! Ahhhhh!)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole!'

Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady

Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate!
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that!)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive (Huh, yup!)

Am I comin' or goin'? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops!)

Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (Hahh-too)
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere)
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How ya gonna breastfeed me, mom?! You ain't got no tits! (Waah, wahh!)

I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
Put a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang!)
I'm steamin' mad, (Arrhh!) and by the way when you see my dad (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had

Hi! My name is... (What?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(What?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Who?) My name is...
(Huh?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (Huh?) My name is...
(Who?) My name is... chika-chika, Slim Shady

As heard on: Curtain Call: The Hits

My English teacher wanted to have sex in junior high, the only problem was, my English teacher was a guy

Extra-terrestrial, killin' pedestrians, rapin' lesbians, while they screamin' "Let's just be friends!
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

Dear Slim, I wrote but you still ain't callin'
I left my cell, my pager and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not'a got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin'

Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man, how's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'mma call her? I'mma name her Bonnie

I read about your Uncle Ronnie, too, I'm sorry.
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam

I got a room full of your posters and your pictures man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus too; that shit was phat!
Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back, just to chat
Truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan

My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad, I just think it's fucked up you don't answer fans
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
You didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew

That's my little brother man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blistering cold for you, four hours and you just said, "No"
That's pretty shitty man, you're like his fuckin' idol
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do

I ain't that mad though, I just don't like bein' lied to
Remember when we met in Denver, you said if I'd write you
You would write back, see I'm just like you in a way
I never knew my father neither
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her

I can relate to what you're saying in your songs
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest

Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See everything you say is real, and I respect you cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you twenty-four/seven

But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no-one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growin' up
You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose
Sincerely yours, Stan
P.S. We should be together, too

My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

Dear Mr. I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans:
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass!
It's been six months and still no word, I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters; I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect

So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air Tonight"?

About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning?
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drowning
Now it's too late, I'm on a thousand downers now, I'm drowsy

And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I love you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it

And when you dream, I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it
I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me
See Slim; shut up bitch! I'm tryin' to talk!
Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin' in the trunk

But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I ain't like you
'Cause if she suffocates, she'll suffer more and then she'll die too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now - Oh, shit! I forgot!
How am I supposed to send this shit out?

My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph for your brother, I wrote it on the Starter cap

I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too?
I say that shit just clownin' dogg; c'mon, how fucked up is you?

You got some issues Stan, I think you need some counselling
To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other!

I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin' just fine

If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you, but Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick

Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk and she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think of it, his name was... it was you!
Damn...
Look, if you had one shot or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted in one moment...
Would you capture it or just let it slip?

(Yo) His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting

What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's chokin' how, everybody's jokin' now
The clocks runs out, time's up, over, blow

Snap back to reality, oh, there goes gravity, oh
There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad but he won't
Give up that easy no, he won't have it he knows
His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter he's dope

He knows that but he's broke, he's so stagnant he knows
When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again yo, this whole rhapsody
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (You better)

His soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking, make me king
As we move toward a new world order
A normal life is boring, but super-stardom's

Close to postmortem, it only grows harder
Only grows hotter, he blows us all over
These hoes is all on him, coast to coast shows
He's known as the Globetrotter, lonely roads God only knows

He's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home, and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose, 'cause here goes the cold water
These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product

They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose dove and sold nada, so the soap opera
Is told and unfolds, I suppose it's old partna'
But the beat goes on, da da dum da dum da da da dum

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (You better)

No more games, I'mma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfuckin' roof off, like two dogs caged
I was playin' in the beginning, the mood all changed
I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage

But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cipher
Best believe somebody's payin' the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my nine to five

And I can't provide the right type of
Life for my family, 'cause man these goddamn
Food stamps don't buy diapers
And there's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life

And these times are so hard, and it's getting even harder
Tryin' to feed and water my seed, plus teeter-totter
Caught up between bein' a father and a Prima Donna
Baby mama drama screamin' on and too much for me to wanna

Stay in one spot, another day of monotony
Has gotten me to the point I'm like a snail I've got
To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfuckin' option, failure's not

Mom I love you, but this trailer's got to go
I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot
So here I go, it's my shot, feet fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (You better)

You can do anything you set your mind to, man.
Eminem
Shady, Aftermath
There she goes shakin' that ass on the flow
Bumpin' and grindin' that pole
The way she's grindin' that pole
I think I'm losing control

Get buzzed, get drunk, get crunked, get fucked up
Hit the strip club don't forget ones get your dick rubbed
Get fucked, get sucked, get wasted, shit faceted
Pasted, blasted, puke drink up, get a new drink
Hit the bathroom sink, throw up

Wipe your shoe clean, got a routine
Knowin' still got a few chunks on them shoestrings
Showin' I was dehydrated till the beat vibrated
I was revibed as soon as this bitch gyrated
And hips and licked them lips and that was it
I had to get Nate Dogg here to sing some shit

Nate Dogg
2 to the 1 from the 1 to the 3
I like good pussy and I like good trees
Smoke so much weed you wouldn't believe
And I get more ass than a toilet seat

3 to the 1 from the 1 to the 3
I met a bad bitch last night in the D
Let me tell you how I made her leave with me
Conversation and Hennessey

I've been to the muthafuckin' mountain top
Heard muthafuckers talk, seen 'em drop
If I ain't got a weapon I'm a pick up a rock
And when I bust yo' ass I'm gon' continue to rock

Get ya ass off the wall with your 2 left feet
It's real easy just follow the beat
Don't let that fly girl pass you by
Look real close 'cause strobe lights lie

We about to have a party
Turn the music up
Let's get it started
Go ahead, shake your butt
I'm lookin' for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin' baby step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it, 'bout it
I'm lookin' for a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say every day, she be givin' it up

Nate Dogg
Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Oh girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me

Eminem
I'm a menace, a dentist, an oral hygienist
Open your mouth for about 4 or 5 minutes
Take a little bit of this fluoride rinse
Swish but don't spit it, swallow, and I'll finish

Yeah me and Nate D-O-double G
Lookin' for a couple bitches with some double D's
Pop a little champagne and a couple E's
Slip it in her bubbly, we finna finna have a party

Nate Dogg
Have a party
Turn the music up
Let's get it started
Go ahead, shake your butt
I'm lookin' for a girl I can fuck in my Hummer truck
Apple Bottom jeans and a big ol' butt
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it, 'bout it
I want a bitch that sit at the crib with no panties on
Knows that she can, but she won't say no
Now look at this lady all in front of me, sexy as can be
Tonight I want a slut, would you be mine?
Heard you was freaky from a friend of mine

Eminem
Now I hope you don't get mad at me
But I told Nate you was a freak
He said he wants a slut, hope you don't mind
I told him how you like it from behind

'Nate Dogg
Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Oh girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me

We about to have a party
Turn the music up
Let's get it started
Go ahead, shake your butt
I'm lookin' for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin' baby step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it, 'bout it
I'm lookin' for a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say every day she be givin' it up

Eminem
There she goes, shakin' that ass on the flo'
Bumpin' and grindin' that pole
The way she's grindin' that pole
I think I'm losing control

Come on, I ain't leavin' without you, bitch, come on with me
And my boy and this boy and this boy and his girl... Nate Dogg
These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing
It's so scary in a house that allows no swearing

To see him walking around with his headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care
He's a problem child and what bothers him all comes out
When he talks about his fuckin' dad walkin' out

'Cause he hates him so bad that he blocks him out
But if he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap

He sags his pants, do-rags and a stocking cap
His stepfather hit him so he socked him back
And broke his nose, his house is a broken home
There's no control, he just lets his emotions go

(Chorus from Aerosmith's Dream On)
(Come on!) Sing with me, (Sing!) for the year (Sing it!)
For the laughter, sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, if it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangstas
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely 'cause don't anyone know me

Yet everybody just feels like they can relate
I guess words are a motherfucker, they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make

Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass

But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get they hands on every dime you have
They want you to lose your mind every time you mad

So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me
Strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly

But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously
So I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense B

It's all political, if my music is literal
And I'm a criminal how the fuck can I raise a little girl
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to
You're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you

(Come on!) Sing with me, (Sing!) for the year (Sing that shit!)
For the laughter, sing for the tears (Sing with me!)
Sing it with me, if it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well can it load a gun up for you and cock it too
Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued

See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they want to get one 'cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers
Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus

But music is reflection of self, we just explain it
And then we get our checks in the mail, it's fucked up ain't it
How we can come from practically nothing
To being able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted

That's why we sing for these kids who don't have a thing
Except for a dream, and a fuckin' rap magazine
Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long
Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs

Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in they lives
Till they sit and they cry at night, wishin' they'd die
Till they throw on a rap record and they sit and they vibe
We're nothin' to you, but we're the fuckin' shit in they eyes

That's why we, seize the moment try to freeze it and own it
Squeeze it and hold it, 'cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone just let our spirits live on
Through our lyrics that you hear in our songs and we can

Sing with me, (Sing!) for the year (Sing it!)
For the laughter, sing for the tears (Come on!)
Sing it with me, if it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

Sing with me, (Sing!) for the year (Sing it!)
For the laughter, sing for the tears (Come on!)
Sing it with me, if it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away
Obie Trice:
Obie Trice - real name, no gimmicks.

Eminem:
Two trailer park girls go 'round the outside
'Round the outside, 'round the outside
Two trailer park girls go 'round the outside
'Round the outside, 'round the outside

Guess who's back, back, back?
Back again, gain, gain
Shady's back, back, back
Tell a friend

Guess who's back, guess who's back?
Guess who's back, guess who's back?
Guess who's back, guess who's back?
Guess who's back, la, la, la

I've created a monster, 'cause nobody wants to
See Marshall no more they want Shady, I'm chopped liver
Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor

Some vodka that'll jump start my heart quicker
Then a shock when I get shocked at the hospital
By the doctor when I'm not cooperating
When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey)

You waited this long to stop debating
'Cause I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job, Ms. Cheney
But your husband's heart problem's complicating

So the FCC won't let me be
Or let me be me so let me see
They tried to shut me down on MTV
But it feels so empty without me

So, come on dip, bum on your lips
Fuck that, cum on your lips and some on your tits
And get ready, 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits, "Fuck you Debbie"

Now this looks a job for me
So everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

Little hellions, kids feeling rebellious
Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
They start feeling like prisoners, helpless
Till someone comes along on a mission and yells "bitch"

A visionary, vision is scary
Could start a revolution, pollutin' the air waves
A rebel, so just let me revel and bask
In the fact that I got everyone kissin' my ass

And it's a disaster such a catastrophe
For you to see so damn much of my ass, you ask for me?
Well I'm back - na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na
Fix your bent antenna, tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in it

Up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention, back for the winter
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kids ears and nesting

"Testing, attention please"
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Here's my 10 cents, my 2 cents is free
A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me?

Now this looks a job for me
So everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit for tat wit'
Anybody who's talking this shit, that shit
Chris Kirkpatrick, you can get your ass kicked
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards

And Moby, you can get stomped by Obie
You 36-year-old bald-headed fag, blow me
You don't know me, you're too old, let go
It's over, nobody listens to techno

Now let's go, just give me the signal
I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil
Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol

But sometimes the shit just seems
Everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting
But it's just me I'm just obscene (hey)

Though I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley
To do black music so selfishly
And use it to get myself wealthy (hey)

There's a concept that works
20 million other white rappers emerge
But no matter how many fish in the sea
It'll be so empty without me

Now this looks a job for me
So everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

Kids
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left 
We all fall down... 

Step by step, heart to heart, left right left 
We all fall down like toy soldiers 
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win 
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers

I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure 
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders 
I ain't never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it 
Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter

I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle unless I absolutely have to 
I'm supposed to set an example 
I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em 
If some shit ever just pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em

Now the Ja shit I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it 
There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it 
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it 
It was crazy, this shit be way beyond some Jay-Z and Nas shit 

And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it
I spent too much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted 
And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it 
This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it 

That was never my object for someone to get killed 
Why would I wanna destroy something I helped build?
It wasn't my intentions, my intentions was good 
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin' it

Now it's just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth 
And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef 
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth 

While he's all over TV down talkin' a man
Who literally saved my life, like "Fuck it, I understand"
This is business and this shit just isn't none of my business
But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute 'cause 

Step by step, heart to heart, left right left 
We all fall down like toy soldiers 
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win 
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers

There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme 
And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin' 
But now it's elevated 'cause once you put someone's kids in it 
The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it?

It's a different ball game, callin' names and you ain't just rappin' 
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin' 
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him

Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him
Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em, and let him have it 
Meanwhile my attention is pulled in another direction
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk

Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record 
But now he's fucked the game up 'cause one of the ways I came up 
Was through that publication, the same one that made me famous

Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin' 
Well fuck it, that mutherfucker can get it too, fuck him then
When I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think 
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc. 

And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind 
We still have soldiers that's on the front line
That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us

We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus 
To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is 
To have Runyon Avenue soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is

But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt or murdered 
It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it 
Than to just say that I love ya'll too much to see the verdict
I'll walk away from it all before I let it go any further 

But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin' 
I'm just willin' to be the bigger man if y'all can quit poppin'
Off at your jaws with the knockin' 'cause frankly I'm sick of talkin'
I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience 'cause

Step by step, heart to heart, left right left 
We all fall down like toy soldiers 
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win 
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
May I have your attention, please?
May I have your attention, please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat: Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here

Y'all act like you've never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam, like Tommy just burst in the door
And started whoopin' her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, throwin' her over furniture (ahh!)

It's the return of the... "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
And Dr. Dre said... nothing, you idiots
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement (ha, ha!)

Feminist women love Eminem
"Chicka, chicka, chicka, Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him walking around grabbing his you-know-what
Flipping the you-know-who." "Yeah, but he's so cute though"

Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms (Uhh-uhh-uhh!)
Sometimes, I wanna get on TV and just let loose but can't
But it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose

"My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is

Of course they're gonna know what intercourse is by the time they hit fourth grade
They got the Discovery Channel, don't they?
We ain't nothing but mammals... well, some of us, cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes

But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope (eugh!)
But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women wave your pantyhose; sing the chorus, and it goes

I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records
Well I do, so fuck him and fuck you, too
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half o' you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me

"But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?"
Why, so you guys can just lie to get me here?
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Yo shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs

So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hehe"

I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD (ahh!)
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups; all you do is annoy me
So I have been sent here to destroy you

And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me, walk, talk, and act like me
And just might be the next best thing but not quite me

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

I'm like a head trip to listen to, 'cause I'm only giving you
Things you joke about with your friends, inside your livin' room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all
And I don't gotta be false or sugar-coat it all

I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it (rip), I just shit it
Better than ninety percent of you rappers out can
Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like Valiums

It's funny, 'cause at the rate I'm going, when I'm thirty
I'll be the only person in the nursin' home flirting
Pinchin' nurses asses, while I'm jackin' off with Jergens
And I'm jerkin', but this whole bag of Viagra isn't workin'

In every single person there's a Slim Shady lurkin'
Who could be workin' at Burger King, spittin' on your onion rings
Or in the parking lot circling, screamin' "I don't give a fuck"
With his windows down and his system up

So will the real Shady please stand up
And put one of those fingers on each hand up
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

Haha, guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let's all stand up
Spoken
Yeah, I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now
But hey, what daddy always tell you?
Straighten up little soldier, stiffen up that upper lip
What you crying about?
You got me.

Hailie, I know you miss your mom and I know you miss your dad
When I'm gone, but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry

'Cause you're scared, I ain't there? Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more crying, wipe them tears, daddy's here, no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it
Laney uncle's crazy, ain't he? Yeah but he loves you girl and you better know it

We're all we got in this world When it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls two little beautiful girls
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze, I know it's confusin' you
Daddy's always on the move, mama's always on the news

I try to keep you sheltered from it, but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
All the things growing up his daddy, that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did

We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
But things have gotten so bad between us I don't see us ever being together
Ever again like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then of course everything always happens for a reason

I guess it was never meant to be
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream

Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night

I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright

It's funny, I remember back one year, when daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up, and stuck 'em under the tree
And said some of 'em were from me, 'cause daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying

'Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom
And at the time every house that we lived in either kept getting broke into and robbed
Or shot up on the block and your mom

Was saving money for you in a jar
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars till someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurt so bad, it broke your mama's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart

Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so mama moved back
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD
And met Dr. Dre and flew you and mama out to see me

But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me
Then you started seeing daddy on the TV
And mama didn't like it and you and Laney were to young to understand it
Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand

'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sittin' in this empty house
Just reminiscing lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now

Wow, guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here
Laney I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here
I like the sound of that, yeah, it's got a ring to it, don't it?
Shh, mama's only gone for the moment

Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night

I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright

And if you ask me too, daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
I'mma give you the world
I'mma buy a diamond ring for you, I'mma sing for you
I'll do anything for you to see you smile

And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine
I'mma break that birdies' neck
I'd go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya
And make him eat every karat, don't fuck with dad (ha ha)
Narrator
Meet Eddie, 23 years old.
Fed up with life and the way things are going, he decides to rob a liquor store.
(I can't take this no more. I can't take it no more, homes.)
But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart.
And suddenly, his conscience comes into play.

Dr. Dre
Alright, stop! (Huh?) Now before you walk in the door
Of this liquor store and try to get money out the drawer
You'd better think of the consequence
(But who are you?) I'm your motherfuckin' conscience.

Eminem
That's nonsense.
Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress and one of her blonde wigs. (Can I borrow this?)
Tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for days
If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades

Dr. Dre
Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you.
Think about it, before you walk in the door first.
Look at the store clerk, she's older then George Burns.

Eminem
Fuck that. Do that shit. Shoot that bitch.
Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch?
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?

Dr. Dre
Man, don't do it. It's not worth it to risk it. (You're right.)
Not over this shit. (Stop!)
Drop the biscuit. (I will!)
Don't even listen to Slim, yo. He's bad for you.

Eminem
You know what, Dre? I don't like your attitude.

(It's all right, c'mon, just come in here for a minute.)
(Mmm, I don't know.)
(Look, baby.)
(Damn!)
(Look, it's gonna be all right, right?)
(Well, okay.)

Narrator
Meet Stan, 21 years old.
After meeting a young girl at a rave party,
Thing's start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom.
Once again, his conscience comes into play.

Eminem
Now listen to me: while you're kissin' her cheek
Smearin' her lipstick,
I slip this in her drink.
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe...

Dr. Dre
Yo, this girl's only 15 years old.
You shouldn't take advantage of her, it's not fair.

Eminem
Yo, look at her bush. Does it got hair? (Uh-huh.)
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare
Till she passes out and she forgot how she got there.

Dr. Dre 
Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie Kids?

Eminem
No, but I seen the porno with Son Doobiest!

Dr. Dre
Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?

Eminem
Man, fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail.

(Hee. It feels good to be home.)

Narrator
Meet Grady, a 29 year old construction worker.
After coming home from a hard day's work, 
He walks in the door of his trailer park home 
To find his wife in bed with another man.
(What the fuck?!)
(Grady!!)

Dr. Dre
Alright, calm down. Relax, start breathin'.

Eminem
Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin'.
While you at work, she's with some dude, tryin' to get off?
Fuck slittin' her throat! Cut this bitch's head off!!

Dr. Dre
Wait, what if there's an explanation for this shit?

Eminem 
What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick?

Dr. Dre
Alright, Shady.
Maybe he's right, Grady.
But think about the baby,
Before you get all crazy.

Eminem
Okay! Thought about it. Still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her
That's what I did. Be smart, don't be a retard. 
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes!?

Dr. Dre
What'd you say? 

Eminem 
What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?

Dr. Dre
Imma kill you, motherfucker! 

Eminem
Ah-ah, temper, temper!
Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.? Mr. AK
Coming straight outta Compton, y'all better make way?
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?

Dr. Dre
'Cuz he don't need to go the same route that I went.
Been there, done that. 
Aw, fuck it, what am I sayin'?
Shoot 'em both, Grady, where's your gun at?
*gunshots*
Where's my snare?
I have no snare in my headphones
There you go
Yeah
Yo, yo

Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have, I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind

All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans explodin'
Tempers flarin' from parents just blow 'em off and keep goin'
Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as I'm breathin'
Keep kickin' ass in the mornin' and takin' names in the evenin'

Leavin' with a taste as sour as vinegar in their mouth
See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now, I bet ya probably sick of me now
Ain't you, mama? Imma make you look so ridiculous now

I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet, one more time

I said, I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you 
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet, ha

I got some skeletons in my closet and I don't know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it, imma expose it
I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum sellin' CD

I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must've had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No I don't owe him a second thought, I just fuckin' wished he would die

I look at Hailie and I couldn't picture leavin' her side
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake, I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face 'em today

What I did was stupid, no doubt, it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets outta that gun
'Cause I'd have killed 'em, shit, I woulda shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show

I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet, one more time

I said, I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet

Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen, 'fore you think this record is dissin'
But put yourself in my position, just try to envision
Witnessin' your mama poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen

Bitchin', that someone's always goin' through her purse and shit's missin'
Goin' through public housin' systems, victim of M&#xFC;nchhausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick, when I wasn't
Till I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to ya stomach, doesn't it?

Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, ma?
But guess what, ya gettin' older now and it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growin' up so quick he's going to know that you're phony

And Hailie's getting so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral
See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch do your song, keep telling yourself, that you was a mom

But how dare you try to take when you didn't help me to get
You selfish bitch, I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well guess what: I am dead - dead to you as can be!

I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight, I'm cleanin' out my closet, one more time

I said, I'm sorry mama
I never meant to hurt you 
I never meant to make you cry 
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
Okay!

Guess who's back (back, back)
Back again ( 'gain, 'gain)
Shady's back (back, back)
Tell a friend (friend, friend)

Now everyone report to the dance floor 
To the dance floor, to the dance floor 
Now everyone report to the dance floor 
Alright stop - pajama time 

Come here little kiddies, on my lap
Guess who's back with a brand new rap
And I don't mean wrap as in a new case
Of child molestation accusation

Aah aah aah aah aah
No worries, papa's got a brand new bag of toys
What else could I possibly do to make noise
Having touched on everything but little boys

An' that's not a stab at Michael
That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho
I go a little bit crazy sometimes
I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes

Good god, dip, do a little slide
Bend down, touch your toes and just glide
Up the center of the dance floor
Like tee pee for my bunghole and it's cool if you let one go

Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it
Give a little poot poot, it's okay (*fart*)
Oops my CD just skipped
And everyone just heard you let one rip

Now I'm gonna make you dance
Get your chance, yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl, girl, girl, girl
Girl, you know you're my world

Alright now lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Just lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Go crazy (aah aah aah aah aah)
Oh baby (aah aah) Oh baby(aah aah) 

It's Friday and it's my day 
Used to party all the way to Sunday 
Maybe till Monday, I dunno what day 
Every day's just a holiday

Cruisin' on the freeway, feelin' kinda breezy 
Got the top down, let my hair blow 
I dunno where I'm goin', all I know
Is when I get there someone's gonna touch my body

'Scuse me miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk 
But I'm feel just a little stressed out from work 
Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair 
Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out...there

What's your name girl, what's your sign
Dr. Dre: Man, you must be up out your mind
Eminem: Dre, aah aah, beer goggles, blind
I'm just trying to unwind now I'm

Now I'm gonna make you dance 
Get your chance 
Yeah boy shake that ass, 
Oops I mean girl, girl, girl, girl 
Girl, you know you're my world

Alright now lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Just lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Go crazy (aah aah aah aah aah)
Oh baby (aah aah) Oh baby(aah aah) 

It's Tuesday and I'm locked up 
I'm in jail and I don't know what happened 
They say I was running butt naked 
Down the street screaming (aah aah aah aah aah)

Well I'm sorry, I don't remember 
All I know is this much 
I'm not guilty 
They said save it 
Boy we got you on tape
Yelling at an old lady, 
"Touch my body."

Now this is the part where the rap breaks down 
It gets real intense no one makes a sound
Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now
The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves 

A step back to reality 
Look it's B. Rabbit 
You signed me up to battle
I'm a grown man 
Tubba tubba tubba tubba tubba tubba 
I don't have any lines to go right here so 
Tubba Teletubbie

Fellas (What?) fellas (What?) 
Grab your left nut, make the right one jealous (What?) 
Black girls, white girls, skinny girls, fat girls 
Tall girls, small girls, I'm calling all girls

Everyone report to the dance floor 
It's your chance for a little romance or 
Butt squeezin', it's the season 
Just go aah aah aah aah, it's so appeasing 

Now I'm gonna make you dance 
Get your chance 
Yeah boy shake that ass, 
Oops I mean girl, girl, girl, girl 
Girl, you know you're my world

Alright now lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Just lose it (aah aah aah aah aah)
Go crazy (aah aah aah aah aah)
Oh baby (aah aah) Oh baby(aah aah) 

Mmmmm touch my body 
Mmmmm touch my body 
Ooh boy just touch my body 
I mean girl just touch my body
Yeah
It's my life
My own words I guess

Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armor

And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm 'em
But what happens when karma turns right around and bites you
And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of a pain?
"Daddy, look what I made.", dad's gotta go catch a plane

"Daddy, where's mommy? I can't find mommy, where is she?"
I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your daddy's busy
Daddy's writing this song, this song ain't gonna write itself
I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself

Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rock-a-bye baby

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back

I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing
"You're making mommy cry, why? Why is mommy crying?"
Baby, daddy ain't leaving no more, "Daddy you're lying,
You always say that, you always say this is the last time.
But you ain't leaving no more, daddy you're mine."

She's pilling boxes in front of the door trying to block it
"Daddy please, daddy don't leave, daddy - no stop it!"
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, "This'll keep you safe daddy, take it with ya."

I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
These fuckin' walls must be talking, 'cause man I can hear 'em
They're saying "You've got one more chance to do right," and it's tonight
Now go out there and show that you love 'em before it's too late
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on
And I'm singing

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back

60,000 people, all jumping out their seat
The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet
I take a bow and thank you all for coming out
They're screaming so loud, I take one last look at the crowd

I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing
"Daddy it's me, help mommy, her wrists are bleeding,"
But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
"I followed you daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'

"You lied to me Dad, and now you make mommy sad
And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad'.
That's all I wanted, I just want to give you this coin.
I get the point - fine, me and mommy are gone."

But baby wait, "It's too late dad, you made the choice.
Now go up there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us."
That's what they want, they want you Marshall, they keep screamin' your name
It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another pill
Yeah, I bet you you will. You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real

I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain and scream "Die Shady!" and pop it

The sky darkens, my life flashes, the plane that I was supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes
That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin'
It's Spring and Hailie's outside swinging, I walk right up to Kim and kiss her
Tell her I miss her, Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister
Almost as if to say

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, so baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
(Eminem as 'Stan')
Dear Slim, I wrote but you still ain't callin
I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin'
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways; eff it, what's been up? Man how's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her? I'ma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie too I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground stuff that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures man
I like the stuff you did with Rawkus too, that shit was fat
Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan
This is Stan

(Chorus: Elton John)
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why
I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
Oh I can't see at all!
And even if I could it would all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad
Not so bad...

(Eminem as 'Stan')
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad - I just think it's messed up you don't answer fans
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
You didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blistering cold for you
For four hours and you just said, No
That's pretty crummy man - you're like his favorite idol
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like bein lied to
Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you
You would write back - see I'm just like you in a way
I never knew my father neither;
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're sayin' in your songs
So when I have a crummy day, I drift away and put 'em on
'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit and helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See everything you say is real, and I respect you cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growin' up
You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose
Sincerely yours, Stan -- P.S. -- we should be together too

(Chorus: Elton John)

(Eminem as 'Stan')
Dear Mister-I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months and still no word - I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters;
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sendin you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doin' 90 on the freeway
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins, In the Air of the Night
About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drownin
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drownin
Now it's too late - I'm on a thousand downers now, I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped +ALL+ of your pictures off the wall
I loved you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it
You ruined it now, I hope you go to sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you SCREAM about it
I hope your conscience EATS AT YOU and you can't BREATHE without me
See Slim; {*screaming*} Shut up bitch! I'm tryin' to talk!
Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin in the trunk
But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I ain't like you
'Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, then she'll die too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shoot, I forgot, how'm I supposed to send this tape out?
{*Car tires squeal*} {*CRASH*}
... {*Brief silence*} ... {*LOUD splash*}

(Chorus: Elton John)

(Eminem)
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph for your brother, I wrote it on a Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this stuff you said about you like to cut your wrists too?
I say that stuff just clownin dawg, c'mon - how messed up is you?
You got some issues Stan, I think you need some counselin
To help your ass from bouncin' off the walls when you get down some
And what's this junk about us meant to be together?
That type of crap'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin' just fine
If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy bit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove this car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about, his name was... it was you
Damn!
"Morning, Marshall."
"Morning, doc."
"So we're discharging you today, how are you feeling?"
"Anxious."
"Anxiety?"
"Well, anxious to get home, anxious to get back into the world. Nervous."
"Nervous? C'mon, Marshall, you're a big boy now. Sounding like a bit of a baby, you can do this. You found a sponsor yet?"
"Um, not yet. But I mean, when I get back"
"Well, if you find one, you find one. If you don't, you don't."
"Well, yeah, I mean, I gotta start going to meetings first and... Wait, what?"
"Well, you don't absolutely have to go to meetings and it's not like like a requirement that they fit into your schedule, we know you're a busy person."
"Well, yeah, but I thought sobriety was the most important thing."
"So what else are you thinking?"
"Um, well, I know I gotta start practicing the steps, and I mean learning them, and start being able to apply them."
"The steps?"
"Yeah, steps."
"There's a lot of them, aren't there?
"Well, twelve."
"Christ, I don't even know them all."
"Really?"
"Anything else?"
"Um, well, I mean the only other question I have is like, what do I do if I find myself in a situation where maybe somebody is drinking around me or something like that and I get tempted to?"
"Take a drink."
"What?"
"Take a drink and y'know, take the edge off."
"Take the edge off?  Man, if I have a drink I already know what that's gonna lead me to."
"What, you mean these?" *shakes pills*
"Now, what the fuck!?"
"Marhsall, what's the matter, darling? Having some doubts, are we?"
"Oh, no, no, no, come on, man!"
"Marshall, you can't leave me..."
"Oh, FUCK YOU, man!"
"....you'll never leave me, Marshall."
"NO!"
"We'll always be together, Marshall."
"NO!  NO!!!"
"Marshall...? Marshall!?"
"NOOOOO!!!!!"

"Oh, shit..."
Ohh ohhh
Oh (yea) oh (yea) oh (yea)
Oh ohhh
Ohhh
Oh (yea) oh (yea) oh (yea)
Oh ohh
Oohh
Oh (yea) oh (yea) oh (yea) oh (yea) oh (yea)
Oh, Ohh

There is no escaping (yo)(yooo)
There's no place to hide (yooo) (yooo)
You scream, "Someone save me." (yo) (yooo)
But they don't pay it no mind (yooo) (yooo)
(Good night)
Good bye

You're walking down a horror corridor
It's almost 4 in the morning and you're in a
Nightmare, it's horrible
Right there's the coroner
Waiting for you to turn the corner so he can corner ya
You're a goner, he's onto ya

Out the corner of his cornea
He just saw you run
All you want is to rest
'Cause you can't run anymore, you're done
All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience
While everybody is watching in the party applauding it

Here I sit while I'm caught up in deep thought again
Contemplating my next plot again
Swallowing a Klonopin while I'm noddin'
In and out on the ottoman at the Ramada Inn
Holding onto the pill bottle then

Lick my finger and swirl it round the bottom
And make sure I got all of it
Wake up naked at McDonald's with
Blood all over me, dead bodies behind the counter, shit
Guess I must have just blacked out again
Not again

It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door an'
Bodies laying all over the floor an'
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed 'em
Killed 'em

I said, it's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door an'
Bodies laying all over the floor an'
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed 'em
Killed 'em

Sitting nude in my living room, it's almost noon
I wonder what's on the tube
Maybe they'll show some boobs
Surfing every channel
Until I find Hannah Montana
Then I reach for the aloe and lanolin

Bust all over the wall panel and dismantling
Every candle on top of the fireplace mantle and
Grab my flannel and my bandanna then
Kiss the naked mannequin man again
You can see him standing in my front window if you look in

I'm just a hooligan
Who's used to using hallucinogens
Causing illusions again
Brain contusions again
Cutting and bruising the skin
Razors, scissors, and pins
Jesus when does it end

Phases that I go through
Dazed and I'm so confused
Days that I don't know who
Gave these molecules to
Me, what am I gon' do
Hey, the prodigal son
The diabolical one
Very methodical when I slaughter 'dem

It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door an'
Bodies laying all over the floor an'
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed 'em
Killed 'em

I said, it's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door an'
Bodies laying all over the floor an'
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed 'em
Killed 'em

She puts the lotion in the bucket
It puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again
She puts the lotion in the bucket
It puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again

I duck and I slash, slice and gash
Last night was a blast
I can't quite remember when I had that
Much fun off a half pint of the Jack
My last Vic' and a half
A flashlight up Kim Kardashian's ass

I remember the first time I dismembered a family member
December I think it was I was having drinks with my cousin
I wrapped him in Christmas lights
Pushed him into the stinking tub
Cut him up into pieces, then just when I went to drink his blood
I thought I aught to drink his bath water, that aught to be fun
That's when my days of serial murder manslaughter begun

The sight of blood excites me, that might be an artery son
Your blood curdling screams just don't seem to bother me none
It's 3 A.M. and here I come so you should probably run
A secret passage way around here, man there's got to be one
Oh no there's probably none, he can scream all that he wants
Top of his lungs
It ain't no stopping me from chopping him up (up)

'Cause it's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door an'
Bodies laying all over the floor an'
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed 'em
Killed 'em

I said, it's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door an'
Bodies laying all over the floor an'
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed 'em
Killed 'em

Yo (yo), a-ya (a-yo)
Yo (yo), a-ya (a-yo)
Yo (yo), a-ya (a-yo)
Yo (yo), a-ya (a-yo)
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
OK, aight... aight, aight, aight, aight...

Yo, yo
Aight, I'mma lay the chorus first
Here we go now

My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom

My mom my mom, I know you're probably tired of hearing 'bout my mom oh-ho whoa-ho
But this is just a story of when I was just a shorty
And how I became hooked on valiuum

Valium was in everything, food that I ate
The water that I drank, fuckin' peas on my plate
She sprinkled just enough of it to season my steak
So every day I'd have at least three stomach aches

Now tell me, what kinda mother would wanna see her
Son grow up to be an under-a-fucking-chiever
My teacher didn't think I was gonna be nothin' either
What the fuck you sticking gum up under the fucking seat for?

Mrs. Mathers your son has been huffin' ether
Either that or the motherfuckers been puffin' reefer
But all this huffin' and puffin' wasn't what it was either
It was neither, I was buzzin' but it wasn't what she thought

Pee in a tea cup? Bitch you ain't my keeper
I'm sleepin', what the fuck you keep on fuckin' with me for?
Slut you need to leave me the fuck alone I ain't playing
Go find you a white crayon and color a fucking zebra

My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom
 
Wait a minute, this ain't dinner this is paint thinner
"You ate it yesterday I ain't hear no complaints did I?
Now here's a plate full of pain killers, now just wait till I
Crush the Valium and put it in your potatoes ya'

Little motherfucker I'll make ya sit there and make that re-
Tarded fucking face without even tastin' it
You better lick the fuckin' plate you ain't wastin' it
Put your face in it, 'fore I throw you in the basement again

And I ain't givin' in, your gonna just sit there in one fuckin' place
Finnickin' till next Thanksgivin' and
If you still ain't finished it, I'll use the same shit again
Then when I make spinach dip it'll be placed in the shit

You little shit wanna sit there and play innocent?
A rack fell and hit me it K-Mart and they witnessed it
Child support your father, he ain't sent the shit
And so what if he did, it's none of your dang business kid!"

My mom, there's no one else quite like my mom
I know I should let bygones be bygones
But she's the reason why I am high on what I'm high on
'Cause

My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom

My mom loved Valium
Now all I am is a party animal, I am what I am
But I'm strong to the finish with my Valium spinach
But my buzz only lasts about two minutes

But I don't want to swallow it without chewin' it
I can't even write a rhyme without doin' it
My Valium (my Valium)

Man I never thought that I could ever be
A drug addict naw, fuck that I can't have it happen to me
But that's actually what has ended up happening
A tragedy, the fuckin' past ended up catchin' me

And that's probably where I got acquainted with the taste ain't it
Pharmaceuticals are the bomb ma beautiful
She killed the fuckin' dog with the medicine she done fed it
Feed it a fuckin' aspirin and say that it has a headache

"Here want a snack. You hungry you fuckin' brat?
Look at that it's a Xanax take it and take a nap
Eat it" but I don't need it, "well fuck it then break it up
Take a little piece and beat it before you wake Nathan up"

Alright ma you win, I don't feel like arguin'
I'll do it, pop it gobble it and start wobblin'
Stumble hobble tumble slip trip then I fall in bed
With a bottle of meds and a Heath Ledger bobble head

My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom

My mom, I'm just like her...

My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom... My mama!

Me mama...

Sorry, mom
I still love you, though

Dr. Dre, 2010
Hey, this shit is hella-hole, homie
Yo, take us on outta here
Whoo!
I was born with a dick in my brain, yeah, fucked in the head
My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed
Till one night he snuck in and said:
"We're going out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed."

Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxpin instead?
"After I fuck you in the butt, get some head, bust a nut, get some rest."
The next day my mother said
"I dont know what the fuck's up with this kid!

The bastard wont even eat, nothin' he's fed
He just hung himself in the bedroom, he's dead!"
"Debbie, don't let that fucker get you upset
Go in there, stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck

I bet you he's fakin' it, I bet you, I bet
He probably just wants to see how upset you would get
I'll go handle this, of course, unless you object."
"Aw, go fuck his brains out, if any's left in his head!"

If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed an' up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane!

If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed an' up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane!

(Did you get 'em?) Nah, fucker tried to bite my face off
I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw
Then he took the chainsaw, bit the fuckin' blades off
Ate the blades, stuck a baseball in a slingshot

Then he aimed at his own face, let the thing pop
Took his eye out, picked it up an' played Ping-Pong
Then he played Ping-Pong with his own ding dong
That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong

Then he set the lawn mower out on the dang lawn
And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on
Then he took his pants, he took every fuckin' thing off
Everything except his tanktop and his trainin' bra

Ain't he raw? Yeah, maniac, that's Shady dog
Man, that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he dog?
Shady dog, what be goin' through that fuckin' brain of yours?
Say no more, what the fuck you waitin' for? Sing along!

If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed an' up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane!

If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed an' up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane!

Don't you know what felch means? (yeah) Well, then tell me
Would you rather get felched or do the felching?
Fuck him in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching
Burp, belch and go back for a second helping

Can you dig what I'm sayin', man? Could you smell me?
I want you to feel me like my stepfather felt me
Fuck a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelping
(Shady, what the fuck you saying?) I don't know, help me!

What the fuck's happening, I think I'm fuckin' melting
Marshall, I just love you boy, I care about your well being
No, dad! I said no! I don't need no help peeing
I'm a big boy, I can do it by myself, see?

I only get naked when the babysitter tells me
She showed me a movie like "Nightmare on Elm Street"
But it was X and they called it "Pubic Hair on Chelsea"
Well, this is called "Ass Rape" and we're shooting the jail scene

If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed an' up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane!

If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed an' up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane!
Oh, it's music to my ears
Oh, man!
How can I describe, the way I feel?
Fuckin' great man
Ok, let me see, how can I begin?

Locked in Mariah's wine cellar all I had for lunch
Was bread wine, more bread wine and Captain Crunch
Red wine for breakfast and for brunch
And to soak it up and in between snack crackers to munch

Mariah whatever happened to us
Why did we have to break up, all I asked for was a glass of punch
You see I never really asked for much, I can't imagine what's
Going through your mind after such

A nasty break up with that Latin hunk
Luis Miguel, Nick Cannon better back the fuck
Up, I'm not playin' I want her back, ya punk
This is Hello Kitty bedspread satin funk

Mixed with Egyptian, with a little rap and punk
Zapp and Eric Clapton, Shaft, Frank Zappa, crunk
And yeah baby I want another crack at ya
You can beat me with any spatula that ya want

I mean I really want ya bad, ya cunt
Nick you had your fun, I've come to kick you in your sack of junk
Man, I could use a fresh batch of blood
So prepare your vernacular for Dracula acupuncture

Bagpipes from Baghdad
When will it ever cease? For Pete sakes he's crazy to say the least
Bagpipes from Baghdad
What's going through my mind, half the time when I rhyme while blowing on my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
Somebody turn the vacancy sign on 'cause I'm gone, blowing on my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
I run the streets and act like a madman holding a Glad bag

You can be a permanent fixture in my lyrical mixture
I'm the Miracle Whip trickster, my signature
Sound, when a tube of lipstick's around
I'm bound to put it on in an instant wow

Man, what an ensemble, what an assortment of pharma-
ceuticals this beautiful pill dust in my palm my
Cuticles get residue just from touchin' the bottle
Never knew I could remind me so much of my mama

I&#x2019;ll cut ya like Dahmer, pull a butcher knife on ya
The size of a sword, boy I'm like the fuckin' Red Sonja
Get it stuck in your cornea, nice knowing ya, Norman
You're so fucking annoyin' drop the shovel boy
You don't know what the fuck you're doing

I ain't playin' no fuckin' more
Nick Cannon ya prick I wish ya luck with the fuckin' whore
Every minute there's a sucker born
Snuck up on Malachi
Made the motherfucker suck on a shuck of corn
Shuck of, shuck of corn, shuck of corn

Hit Jason in the face with a hockey puck and told him it's fucking on
Man what the fuck are ya doin'?
You're running over the snow blower with the lawn mower
Blow on your bagpipes from Baghdad 

Bagpipes from Baghdad
When will it ever cease? For Pete sakes he's crazy to say the least
Bagpipes from Baghdad
What's going through my mind, half the time when I rhyme while blowing on my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
Somebody turn the vacancy sign on 'cause I'm gone, blowing on my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
I run the streets and act like a madman holding a Glad bag

In the bed with two brain dead lesbian vegetables
I bet you they become heterosexual
Nothing will stop me from molestin' you
Titty fuckin' you till your breast nipple flesh tickles my testicles

Is what I said to the two conjoined twins
How's it going girlfriends? You need a boyfriend?
You need some ointment? Just set up an appointment
Who's gonna see the doctor first we'll do a coin flip

I just got my one year sobriety coin chip
When the bad get going, how bad does the going get?
Baby you shouldn't have any trouble rubbing groins with
Each other especially when your joined at the hip

I'm going to get a needle and thread from the sewing kit
And attempt to separate 'em and stitch them back at the loin, shit
Lure the little boy with the chocolate Chips Ahoy chip
Cookie, lookie, even took me a Polaroid flick

Bagpipes from Baghdad
When will it ever cease? For Pete sakes he's crazy to say the least
Bagpipes from Baghdad
What's going through my mind, half the time when I rhyme while blowing on my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
Somebody turn the vacancy sign on cause I'm gone, blowing on my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
I run the streets and act like a madman holding a Glad bag of bagpipes from Baghdad

Huhulaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Huhummm diddddly laaaaaaaaaa
Huhummm diddddly laaaaaaaaaa
Huhummm diddddly laaaaaaaaaa
Hello (hello), allow me to introduce myself
My name is, Shady, so nice to meet you (so nice to meet you)
It's been a long time, I'm sorry I've been away so long (so long)
My name is, Shady, I never meant to leave you (never meant to leave you)

You see that chick in the gym checkin' me out
Any second I'm 'bout to stick her neck in my mouth
I lose a pill and I'm recklessly wreckin' the house
That was supposed to be breakfast, where the heck is it now?

There's the necklace I lost right next to Stephanie's blouse
Man I should check to see if my mom left any out
Nope, guess I'll re-route maybe somewhere in the depths of the couch
Oop jackpot, yeah, open sesame mouth

Down the hatchet the feelin' you can't match it
I rap-tap-tap on your door with a damn ratchet
Ata-ta-tackin' a whore with a damn hatchet
A knapsack packed with like 40-some Xanax's

Shorty come back, I'm tryin' to score me some lap dances
I'm 'bout to relapse so baby pour me some Jack Daniels
Formula 44D and 40's with mad capsules
The bad apple spoils the bunch, I'm back at ya

Girl, I don't mean any harm, all I wanted to do is just say hello
And are you menstruating baby, my little friend's waiting to say hello
The way your titties are wiggling and your booty's shakin' like Jell-O
Girl, I don't mean any harm, all I wanted to do is just say hello, yeah

My equilibrium's off, must be the lithium
I don't need to buy any drugs, man, people give me 'em
It just becomes everyday extra-curriculum
No reason in-particular it was strictly fun

A fifth of rum and two bottles of 151
Fifty one people asleep in my damn living room
Excuse me hon' but what is your name, Vivienne?
I woke up next to ya naked and uh, did we umm

Of course we did, but didn't I strap jimmy hon
I'm lookin' for the torn wrapper but there don't seem to be one
No offense, baby girl, I don't mean any harm
But disease is something I'm trying to keep my penis free from

I find the package and I'm cool I immediately run, like Speedy Gon-
Zales to see if I see anyone
Who might have a couple of Three's I'm fiendin' for some
My head is poundin' to the beat of the drum

Girl, I don't mean any harm, all I wanted to do is just say hello
And do you happen to have anything on you that make my mood mellow?
Some are oval and some are pink, some are blue and some are just yellow
Girl, I don't mean any harm, all I wanted to do is just say hello

Oh, those are the days they certainly were
It's hurtin' me to know that I'll be closin' that curtain for good
(Wor-wor-wor-word) I second that and a third
Rushed to emergency surg-

Ery to try to flush me, because of the drugs that he purchased
He's no longer getting them free, hundred bucks for these Percodans
Plus it's getting to be, where he'll lustfully search the den
Pain is hitting his knee and his muscles be hurting him

Tirelessly on the phone tryin' to rustle up muscle relaxers
For his back and a couple of Paxils
Now he's doublin' backwards and he's stumblin' back
Slipped and fell hit his back, boom, heard something go crack

Now he's up in the bathroom like he's bustin' a nap
Almost ended it that soon because of the fact
I'm just bustin' my own chops, while I'm bustin' a rap
Resuscitated and rejuved, so fuck it, I'm back

Girl, I don't mean, any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello
And do you happen to have anything on you that make my mood mellow?
Some are oval and some are pink, some are blue and some are just yellow
Girl, I don't mean any harm, all I wanted to do is just say hello

so I'm sayin'
Hello (hello), allow me to introduce myself
My name is, Shady, it's so nice to meet you (so nice to meet you)
It's been a long time (long time), I'm sorry I've been away so long (so long)
My name is, Shady, I never meant to leave you (never meant to leave you)

Yeah
It's like staring over
Clean slate

Hey! Hey, stop, hey. Please stop, fuck stop!
Thank God you stopped.
Fuck, my fucking OnStar isn't working,
I left my fucking phone at home!
God, I've been standing out here for like, an hour
I'm soaking wet, freezing
Thank you so much. Really, you're a life-saver, uh

What are you doing?
Fucking! Get away from me! What the FUCK! Fucking ASSHOLE!
GET AWAY FROM ME YOU MOTHERFUCKER! GET AWAY!
GET AWAY YOU FUCKIN FREAK! GET AWAY FROM ME!
GODDAMIT FUCK! HELP ME!
Yo
Same song and dance
Damn girl, everywhere I go
Same song and dance
I like the way you move, all over the globe
Same song and dance
Something about it man
Same song and dance
In the pale moonlight

Yo, I'm lookin' at ya, yeah girl, your kind of tookin' back by
The whole rapper thing aren't ya?
Probably thinkin' you'll get slapped so dang hard ya
Won't even be able to stand up straight, aren't ya?

Couple rape charges, people think you're a monster
The police constantly buggin' ya non-stop
I walk up on ya, well hello Tonya
I think ya got your OnStar button inside your car stuck

You outta gas, do you gotta flat?
I would hate for you to be stranded at the laundromat, I got your back
Why don't you put your laundry basket in the back
And sit up front, not asking it's a trap

You just got jacked and body snatched and it's a wrap
In broad day with no mask for this attack
I heard 'em say, exact opposites attract
If that's a fact, it'll take task force to get ya back

Yeah baby, do that dance
It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
Girl shake that ass
You ain't ever gonna break that glass
That windshield's too strong for you

I said yeah baby, sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
You sexy little thing
Show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you bawl, why you cryin' to me?
Same song and dance

The first victim I had, she was a big one
Big movie star, a party girl, big fun
She was the girl the media always picked on
In and out of rehab, every 4 to 6 months

She was always known for little pranks and slick stunts
And Nickelodeon flashed her little kids once
What an event it was, I was sitting in front
I was hooked in it the first glimpse of them buns

Seen her back stage now here's where I come in son
Look here she comes I better pull out the big guns
Hello Lindsay, you're looking a little thin hun
How bout a ride to rehab, get in cunt

We're starting off on the wrong foot is what I didn't want
Girl I'm just kidding let me start over again hun
See what I meant was, we should have a little intervention
Come with me to Brighton, let me relieve your tension

You little wench ya, murder wasn't my intention
If I wanted to kill you it would of already been done
Slowly she gets in and I begin to lynch her
With sixty-six inches of extension... cord

Yeah baby, do that dance
It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
Girl shake that ass
You ain't ever gonna break that glass
That windshield's too strong for you

I said yeah baby, sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
You sexy little thing
Show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you bawl, why you cryin' to me?
Same song and dance

My second victim was even bigger then the first
Pop star icon, the whole works
She played a little schoolgirl when she first burst
Upon the scene and seen that the world was hers

She twirls and turns and flirts in skirts so bad it hurts
It irked me and made me mad at first
I lashed out through my songs but what was really going on
Was that I had developed a crush
I just didn't know how to tell it to her

Should I cut off one of my ears and mail it to her?
Send her pictures of my collections of skeletons
of, footage of me impaling myself on an elephant tusk?
We'll settle this once and for all, I'ma tell her at dusk

Tonight, tonight is the night and tell her I must
Creep up, to her mansion in stilettos and just
Climb the gate and ring the bell like hello my love
I just picked your prescription for Seroquel up.

Now would you like to share a pill or two with me?
I'll share my Valium with you cause I'm feelin you Britney!
I'll trade you a blue one for a pink one
Ever since a schoolgirl juvenile delinquent

I've been feeling you ooh ooh girl you sexy little gal you
Hold that pill any longer it'll get sentimental value
Come-on toots, give me the Valium alleyoop
I'll slam dunk it in your mouth til you puke

And just as soon you pass out in your alphabet soup
I'm 'bout to, make a new outfit out of you
New outfit? Shit I'll make a suit out of you
Shoot! Now show me how you move baby do how well ya do

Yeah baby, do that dance
It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
Girl shake that ass
You ain't ever gonna break that glass
That windshield's too strong for you

I said yeah baby, sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
You sexy little thing
Show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you bawl, why you cryin' to me?
Same song and dance

Same kickin' and screamin', same cryin' and sobbin'
Same song and dance
Same diggin' and pleadin', same yellin' and bleedin'
Same song and dance
Yeah
Same song and dance
I know
Same song and dance
Guess who?
Did you miss me?
Jessica Simpson, sing the chorus

When you walked through the door, (whoo) it was clear to me (clear to me)
You're the one they adore, who they came to see (who they came to see)
You're a rock star (baby), everybody wants you (everybody wants you)
Player, (oh) who can really blame you (who can really blame you)
We're the ones who made you

Back by popular demand
Now pop a little Zan-tac for antacid if you can
You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand
How does it feel, is it fantastic is it grand?

Well look at all the massive masses in the stands
Shady man, no don't massacre the fans
Damn, I think Kim Kardashian's a man
She stomped him just 'cause he asked to put his hands

On her massive gluteus maximus again
Squeeze it and squish it and pass it to a friend
Can he come back, as nasty as he can
Yes he can-can, don't ask me this again

He does not mean to lesbian offend
But Lindsay, please come back to seein' men
Samantha's a two, you're practically a ten
I know you want me girl, in fact I see you grin
Now come in girl

When you walked through the door, (whoo) it was clear to me (clear to me)
You're the one they adore, who they came to see (who they came to see)
You're a rock star (baby), everybody wants you (everybody wants you)
Player, (oh) who can really blame you (who can really blame you)
We're the ones who made you

The enforcer, looking for more women to torture
Walk up to the cutest girl and charley horse her
Sorry Portia, but whats Ellen DeGeneres
Have that I don't, are you telling me tenderness

Well I can be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman
Give me my Ventolin inhaler and two Xenedrine
And I'll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner then
Nail her, baby say hello to my little friend

Brit forget K-Fed, let's cut out the middlemen
Forget him or you're gonna end up in hospital again
And this time it wont be for the Ritalin binge
Forget them other men girl, pay them little attention

And little did I mention, that Jennifer's in
Love with me John Mayer, so sit on the bench
Man I swear them other guys, you give 'em an inch
They take a mile, they got style but it isn't Slim

When you walked through the door, (whoo) it was clear to me (clear to me)
You're the one they adore, who they came to see (who they came to see)
You're a rock star (baby), everybody wants you (everybody wants you)
Player, (oh) who can really blame you? (who can really blame you)
We're the ones who made you

And that's why my love, you'll never live without
I know you want me girl 'cause I can see you checkin' me out
And baby, you know, you know you want me too
Don't try to deny it baby, I'm the only one for you

Damn girl, I'm beginning to sprout an alfalfa
Why should I wash my filthy mouth out
You think that's bad, you should hear the rest of my album
Never has there been such finesse and nostalgia

Man, Cash, I don't mean to mess up your gal but
Jessica Alba put her breast in my mouth (blup)
Wowzers, I just made a mess in my trousers
And they wonder why I keep dressin' like Elvis

Lord help us, he's back in his pink ALF shirt
Lookin' like someone shrinked his outfit
I think he's about ta flip, Jessica
Rest assured Superman's here to rescue ya

Can ya blame me, you're my Amy I'm your Blake
Matter fact, bake me a birthday cake
With a saw blade in it, to make my jail break
Baby, I think you just met your soul mate
Now break it down, girl

When you walked through the door, (wooo) it was clear to me (clear to me)
You're the one they adore, who they came to see (who they came to see)
You're a - rock star (baby), everybody wants you (everybody wants you)
Player, (oh) who can really blame you? (who can really blame you)
We're the ones who made you

So baby
Baby, get down, down down
Baby, get down, down down
Baby, get down, down down
Baby, get down, get down

Baby, get down, down down
Baby, get down, down down
Baby, get down, down down
Baby, get down, get down

Oh, Amy
Rehab never looked so good
I can't wait, I'm going back
Ha-ha, wooo
Dr. Dre, two-thousand and twenty
Yeah
Oh my goodness! What have I done?
Oh no! I can't believe it
It's like... I've got the whole world in my palms
And I'm ready to (drop bombs)

Welcome to the Slim Shady mecca, Rebecca
It's the village in New York right next to the Tribeca
It's my sector, homosexual dissector
Come again, rewind selector

I said nice rectum, I had a vasectomy, Hector
So you can't get pregnant if I bisexually wreck ya
Hannibal Lecter in the guy section I bet ya
I tantalize ya and in less than five seconds I get ya

They say once bitten and twice shy well I'm
Next to the guy with nine ecstasy pills and five extra
Boxes of ribbed condoms in quantities why yes sir
I took the rest of the Lunesta pills from my dresser

It's my kind of vibe, what else should I try Lester?
Drop kick the bitch before her second trimester
Performed a home abortion with Dexter than I guess I'll
Dig a fetus out with a wire hanger then digest her

I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin, now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
The world is just my medicine ball, you're all in

I said, I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin, now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball friends

All my west side bitches throw it up
Put a balloon inside your pussy, queef and blow it up
Man I think that he just fell off the deep end sho' enough
So you better change the station to keep from throwing up

Man you seen it all before you're all too familiar with it
There's a penis on floor and two balls so you know who did it
You know you with it girl don't front oh no you didn't
I won't rape all the The Pussycat Dolls, Nicole you kidding?

I'll pee on Rihanna see man, I do what I wanna
Spray perfume in the sauna room crazy gluin' Madonna
To the lazy boy sofa fold her in two and sit on her
Imagine visual for that man who would've thought I

Could ever be such a relentless prick unleashing his vengeance
But the chick so old she looks like she outlived a life sentence
I never meant this rhyme to be so offensive
If you weren't so defensive it wouldn't be, you're so sensitive

I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin, now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
The world is just my medicine ball, you're all in

I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin, now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball, friends

Put Christopher Reeves on a unicycle with a kickstand
Kick it up and push him and lead him right in the quicksand
Here you need a hand big man? Grab hold of this branch
With both hands but they don't understand I'm just a sick man

Now everybody's pissed at me like it's my fault
His name rhymes with so many different words geez
So one last time Mr. Christopher Reeves
Won't you brake it down for me and just spit the verse please

"Eminem I'm coming to kill you
I always hated you and I still do
You'll never fill my shoes my Superman costume
Doesn't even fit you, they don't feel you

You're taking this shit too far
Who do you think you are?
Hang up my suit up in the armoire
Everyday I hate you more and more
Throw down the cardboard
Let's break dance if you think you're hardcore"

I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin, now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
The world is just my medicine ball, you're all in

I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin, now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball, friends

The world is mine
As heard on The Slim Shady LP
Watch video at YouTubeDQbOzZ6zHdw|209|252

Em, What's goin' on, this is Paul Rosenberg, your faithful attorney at law.
Listen, I listened to the rough copy of your album and uhh, you know I just gotta be honest with you.
Could you tone it down a little bit, because there's only so much I can explain.
Gimme a call.

As heard on The Marshall Mathers LP

Em, what's goin' on, it's Paul.
Uhh, Dre gave me a copy of the new album, and I just... *sigh*
Fuck it.
*Hangs Up*

As heard on The Eminem Show
Watch video at YouTubeVL75Lf027B8|209|252

Em, it's Paul.
Listen, Joel just called me and he said you're in the fuckin' back behind his studio,
shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting range.
I told you not to fuckin' bring your gun around, like an idiot, outside of your home.
You're gonna get yourself in trouble.
Don't bring your gun outside of your home you can't carry it on you.
Leave your fucking gun at home.
*Hangs up*

As heard on Encore
Watch video at YouTubeKtbOED0Ag4o|209|252

Hey Em, it's Paul.
Uh, listen I just got a call from the label, and you're probably not gonna be surprised but uhm,
Michael Jackson is extremely upset about the Just Lose It video.
And uhm, I mean he's pissed, so I-I don't know what he's gonna do, but we gotta talk about how we're gonna handle this. Uhm...
Oh yeah, anyway, somebody told me that, uhm, they heard a rumor that you got a new gun, uhm.
I know it's probably not true, but I just need to talk to you about that. So, uh, give me a call. *Hangs Up*

As heard on Relapse
Watch video at YouTubeyrQlqJhAfOQ|209|252

Em, it's Paul.
Uhm, I just listened to the entire album.
And you gotta be fucking kidding me.
I mean with this Christopher Reeve shit, you know the guy's dead right?
And then the whole gay, step-father incest rape thing?
I don't have your back on this one, I can't even fuckin' handle it.
I'm done.
*Hangs Up*
Yo, follow me, come with me to the dark side of the force
No man would boldly go to this place
The devil only knows of this world
So dark and oh so cold, it's oh so cold, oh so cold, oh

Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't
Boy you think you're clever don't ya, girl you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world, so cold and so dark

(Stay wide awake) A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where only some will go
(Stay wide awake) But none return, when will they learn
Where do they go, God only knows
(Stay wide awake) 

Fe-fi-fo-fum, I think I smell the scent of a placenta
I enter Central Park, it's dark it's winter in December
I see my target put my car in park and approach a tender
Young girl by the name of Brenda and I pretend ta befriend her

Sit down beside her like a spider, hi there girl you mighta'
Heard of me before see whore you're the kinda' girl that I'd a-
-ssault and rape and figure why not try to make your pussy wider
Fuck you with an umbrella then open it up while the shit's inside ya

I'm the kind of guy that's mild but I might flip and get a little bit wilder
Impregnate a lesbian yeah now let's see her have triplets then I'll di-
-sintegrate them babies as soon as they're out her with formalde-
-hyde and cyanide girl, you can try and hide you can try to scream louder

No need for no gun powder that only takes all the fun outta
Murderin', I'd rather go vin-vin and now you see just how the
Fuck I do just what I do when I cut right through your scalp, uh
Shit wait a minute I mean skull, my knife seems dull pull another one out uh

Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't
Boy you think you're clever don't ya, girl you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark

(Stay wide awake) A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where only some will go
(Stay wide awake) But none return, when will they learn
Where do they go, God only knows
(Stay wide awake) 

So dark and so cold, my friends don't know this other side of me
There's a monster inside of me it's quite ugly and it frightens me
But they can't see what I can see there's a vacancy in my tummy
It's makin' me play hide and seek like Jason, I'm so hungry

She's naked see no privacy but I can see she wants me
So patient see I try to be but gee why does she taunt me
Pull the drapes and she goes right to sleep and I creep right through the front see
So blatantly but silently cause I know that she's sound 'sleep

Who's wakin' me so violently and why's he on top of me?
He's rapin' me she tries to scream somebody please get him off me
He's tapin' me he's bitin' me he's laughing like it's funny
She's scrapin' me, she's fightin' me, she's scratching like some dumb freak

Escaping me no dice you see I might just be Ted Bundy
Or Satan gee what a site to see I'm dancing in my red panties
I'm crazy but its alright with me, man life can be so empty
Stay away from me 'cause I'm dancing to quite a different drum beat

Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't
Boy you think you're clever don't ya, girl you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark

(Stay wide awake) A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where only some will go
(Stay wide awake) But none return, when will they learn
Where do they go, God only knows
(Stay wide awake)

Better try ta stay wide awake or you might end up found dead by the lake
Soon as you lay me down to sleep it's your soul I'mma try to take
Pray for light of day right away, why do they try to fight today
I must make them pay twice as much might as well put the knife away

Now I use power tools, how 'bout now are you in the shower
Scour you for six hours till outage of power outlets
How did ya figure out I was down in your basement now ya
Must have just heard the sound of my stomach growlin' from down there

Prowler there's no one fouler, bound ya that's how they found ya
Face down in the tub I drown ya with piles of downers around ya
Such nostalgia and power, such prowess look how ya cower
Jump out on you now like I was a Jawa from fuckin' Star Wars

Jabba the Hutt, beddy bye-bye beddy bye-bye it's time to die-die
Ought to not even bother to scream it don't even matta'
Amazing when grazing skin with these razor blades he waves at ya
Not your everyday Damien, bathe me in holy water

Nothing like Son of Sam so please understand there's no gun in hand
Where's the thrill in the hunt, there's no fun in that, here I come with axe
Fun ta act like lumberjack when I'm hackin' 'em up with that
What was that? Dial 9-1-1 someone's comin' in from the back

Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't
Boy you think you're clever don't ya, girl you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark

(Stay wide awake) A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where only some will go
(Stay wide awake) But none return, when will they learn
Where do they go, God only knows
(Stay wide awake)
Eminem
Good evening. This is your fucking captain speaking
We will soon be reaching an altitude of four million and a half feet
That's eight million miles in the sky
Please undo your seat belt for take off
You are now free to smoke about the cabin

Dr. Dre
I'm Dre from back in the day from
N.W.A. from black and the grey from
Chokin' a bitch to smacking her face from
Stackin' up bodies to racking AKs up from

Racking up hits to stacking them crates up
I'm still hungry and I'm back with a tapeworm
And we're what's happening in rap entertainment
Me and Shady far as competition faggot there ain't none

Eminem
Speak of the devil, it's the attack of the rain man
Chainsaw in hand bloodstain on my apron
Soon as the blades vrun vrun they run away from
Who want to play dungeon no one is safe from

In search of a brain surgeon, the great one
Wait it ain't funny man, It's urgent I need one
Two boxes of detergent and a paintgun
And a emergency squirtgun to spray A1

So one more time for old time's sake
Dre drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go (you are now smoking with the best, the best)

I said one more time for old time's sake
Dre drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go (you are now smoking with the best, the best)

Smoke signal in the sky like Verizon wireless, a nice environment
Surprised, entirely hypnotized by the sound
I surround the hydrants taking lives of firemen
Say goodbye, here I am again

Naked wives and vicodin
Before I begin to get so high pussy boy I could spin
Vin vin, fuck the handle, I fly off the hinge
Let that boy off the bench coach and throw it to him

There he goes in his trench coat and no clothes again
Baby make us some french toast and show us some skin
I'll show you every inch grows on my foreskin
Show me nipple I pinch both and throw up a ten

Now you know it's a sin to tease blow us again
The sorcerer of intercourse if it's forced it's him
Don't fight the feeling if you're feeling the force within
That when you wake in the morning next to the porcelain

So one more time for old time's sake
Dre drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go (you are now smoking with the best, the best)

I said one more time for old time's sake
Dre drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go (you are now smoking with the best, the best)

Dr. Dre
Now where there's smoke there's fire
Where there's fire, there's flames
Where there's flames there's chronic
Either you high or you ain't
I got no time for no games

Eminem
Nah-ah he ain't playing
He's gonna get the AK and aim it at your brain

I'm slightly insane, Vodka and creatine
Hypnotic and red bull, it's an incredible energy drink
And it's giving me wings, I believe I can fly
While I pee on the girl you won't catch me CSI

It's as easy as pie and as simple as cake
Dre get on the mic and make them tremble and shake

Dr. Dre
Now put your smoke up in the air
Raise your Henny and coke
And if you really want to get fucked up just let me know
We can smoke till there's no more lighter fluid to do it
Let's get into it, you smoking with the triedest and truest

I got the Midas touch when it comes to rolling shit up
You muthafuckers ain't smoking you just holding shit up
Now here we go, let's get up, get down, hold up a blunt
I smoke the kind of stuff that makes the records go number one

'Cause if at first you don't succeed
Won't hurt to smoke some weed
Now them words are just a little more personal for me
Seeing as how I blew up off puffing them trees

Eminem
Was luck enough for me, fuck yeah, light it up Cheech
Come on smoke me up cuz, get me contact buzz
Get me on track, they love me when I'm on that stuff
But this is Earth calling Shady man come on back (what?)
Man we're losing him, he won't even respond back fuck

Now look at all the pretty women in here (Damn, bitches)
Dre it's hot I think we better go check on their temperatures
I get the thermometer you get the bandages
Now baby just bend over this won't hurt a damn bit

So one more time for old time's sake
Dre drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go (you are now smoking with the best, the best)

I said one more time for old time's sake
Dre drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go (you are now smoking with the best, the best)
Intro
Yeah, oh, yeah yeah... Oh
I feel like dancing, I feel like dancing
I smell something in the air that's making me high
I said I smell something in the air that's making me high


Okay here we go, Do-re-mi-fa-so fa-so-la-ti-da-so
Lyrical Roscoe, kick back the Tabasco
You motherfuckers must just not know the tic-toc so
Time to show you the most kick-ass flow in the cosmos
Picasso with a pick-axe, a sick asshole
Tic-tac-toe 'cross your six-pack, with X-acto
Knives, stranglin' wives with thick lasso
Big bags of the grass, Zig Zags, I'm with the Doc, so
You know how that go, skull and the crossbones
This is poison to boys and girls who do not know
You do not wanna try this at home my little vato
This is neither the time nor the place to get macho
So crack a six-pack, sit back with some nachos
Maybe some popcorn and watch the show, and just rock slow
It's not what you expected, nor what you thought so
'Bout time that you wake the fuck up smell the pot smoke


It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creepin' up on me why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me I don't mind
I said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creepin' up on me why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me I don't mind


It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creepin' up on me why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me I don't mind
I said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creepin' up on me why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me I don't mind


When I'm behind the mic, dynamite's what it's kinda like
You're stuck with the same stick that you're tryin' to light
Behind the boards sits Dre, legends are made this way
Isn't it safe to say, this is the way it should be
Maybe you need some lyric syrup serum for your symptoms
Here's a dosage of the antidote now you give him some
He can give her some, she can give them some, get behind a LinnDrum
Make up a beat and kill the sucker syndrome
The spinnin' drum when it comes to lyrics and pennin' some
Starting from scratch and then ending up at the ending of
Capable of winning a Pulitzerso unbelievable it's a
Titanium cranium that's full of sur-
prises when the smoke rises, right before your very own eyes
You stare into your stereos (High)
Good evening, this isn't even a weed thing
I ain't even smoke anything, I ain't even drinking


It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creepin' up on me why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Hindi that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me I don't mind
I said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creepin' up on me why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Hindi that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me I don't mind

Mr. Mathers?
Mr. Mathers!
Mr. Mathers...Mr. Mathers can you hear my voice?
OK he's not responding
I'm gonna need an 18 gauge left AC right away


Uh, BP is 90 over palp, respiration's at 8
Okay, I'm tubing him


DMC this is medic 41


Medic 41, this is DMC base, go ahead


He's cold, spike him back and grab the back board


OK, got it, on 3...1, 2...
Hu-let's move...

DMC, we have a mid-30's male found down, unresponsive. Possible overdose, substance unknown.
Pulse is 60 and thready. Respiration's 8. He's intubated, and we're bagging him now.
Uhh, BP: 90 over palp. Patient is cool, pale, and diuretic.
Has aspirated. Uhh, GSC is 3. We'll update en route.
ETA: ten minutes.

As I, fall deeper into a manic state
I'm a prime candidate for the gene to receive the drug addict trait
Blood pressure climbs at a dramatic rate
I seem to gravitate to the bottle of NyQuil then I salivate

Start off with the NyQuil like "I think I'll just have a taste"
Couple of sips of that, then I gradually graduate
To a harder prescription drug called Valium like, "Yeah, that's great."
I go to just take one and I end up like having eight

Now I need something in my stomach 'cause I haven't ate
Maybe I'll grab a plate of nachos and I'll have a steak
And you'd think that with all I have at stake
Look at my daughter's face "Mommy something is wrong with dad I think

He's acting weird again he's really beginning to scare me
Won't shave his beard again and he pretends he doesn't hear me
And all he does is eat Doritos and Cheetos
And he just fell asleep in his car eating Three Musketeers in the rear seat"

Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know
Feels like I been down this road before
So lonely and cold, it's like something takes over me
As soon as I go home and close the door

Kinda feels like d&#xE9;j&#xE0; vu
I wanna get away from this place I do
But I can't and I won't, say I try, but I know
That's a lie, 'cause I don't and why I just don't know

Maybe just a nice cold brew "What's a beer?"
That's the Devil in my ear I been sober a fucking year
And that fucker still talks to me he's all I can fucking hear
"Marshall come on we'll watch the game, it's the Cowboys and Buccaneers"

And maybe if I just drink half, I'll be half-buzzed for half of the time
Who's the mastermind behind that little line?
With that kind of rationale man I got half a mind
To have another half of glass of wine, sound asinine

Yeah I know, but I never had no problem with alcohol
Ouch look out for the wall, aim for the couch I'm 'bout to fall
I missed the couch and down I go looking like a bouncy ball
Shit must've knocked me out, 'cause I ain't feel the ground at all

Wow, what the fuck happened last night, where am I?
Man, fuck am I hungover and goddamn I
Got a headache, shit half a Vicodin, why can't I?
"All systems ready for take off please stand by"

Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know
Feels like I been down this road before
So lonely and cold, it's like something takes over me
As soon as I go home and close the door

Kinda feels like d&#xE9;j&#xE0; vu
I wanna get away from this place I do
But I can't and I won't, say I try, but I know
That's a lie, 'cause I don't and why I just don't know

So I take a Vicodin splash it hits my stomach then ahh
Couple of weeks go by it ain't even like I'm getting high
Now I need it just not to feel sick, ya I'm getting by
Wouldn't even be taking this shit if DeShaun didn't die

Oh yeah, there's an excuse, you lose Proof so you use
There's new rules, it's cool if it's helping you to get through
It's twelve noon, ain't no harm in self-inducing a snooze
What else is new? Fuck it what would Elvis do in your shoes?

Now here I am three months later, full blown relapse
"Just get high until the kids get home from school, Holmes. Relax"
And since I'm, convinced that I'm an insomniac
I need these pills to be able to sleep so I take three naps

Just to be able to function throughout the day, let's see
That's an Ambien each nap, how many Valium, three?
And that will average out to about one good hour's, sleep
Ok so now ya, see, the reason how come, he

Has taken four years to just put out an album, B
See me and you we almost had the same outcome, Heath
'Cause that Christmas you know the whole pneumonia, thing
It was bologna was it the methadone, ya think

Or the hydrocordone, you hide inside your pornos
Your VCR tape cases, with you Amb!en CR, great paces to hide 'em ain't it
So you can lie to Hailie,
"I'm going beddy bye Whitney baby good night Alaina"

Go in the room and shut the bedroom door
And wake up in an ambulance
They said they found me on the bathroom floor
Damn

Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know
Feels like I been down this road before
So lonely and cold, it's like something takes over me
As soon as I go home and close the door

Kinda feels like d&#xE9;j&#xE0; vu
I wanna get away from this place I do
But I can't and I won't, say I try, but I know
That's a lie, 'cause I don't and why I just don't know
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out for me? I'm reaching out for you

I'm just so fuckin' depressed, I just can't seem to get out this slump
If I could just get over this hump, but I need something to pull me out this dump
I took my bruises, took my lumps, fell down and I got right back up
But I need that spark to get psyched back up in order for me to pick the mic back up

I don't know how or why or when, I ended up in this position I'm in
I'm startin' to feel distant again, so I decided just to pick this pen
Up and try to make an attempt to vent, but I just can't admit
Or come to grips with the fact that I may be done with rap, I need a new outlet

And I know some shit's so hard to swallow, but I just can't sit back and wallow
In my own sorrow, but I know one fact, I'll be one tough act to follow
One tough act to follow, I'll be one tough act to follow
Here today, gone tomorrow, but you'd have to walk a thousand miles

In my shoes just to see what it's like to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes, just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine, go inside each others' minds
Just to see what we'd find, look at shit through each others' eyes

But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you (so)

I think I'm startin' to lose my sense of humor, everything's so tense and gloom I
Almost feel like I gotta check the temperature of the room, just as soon as I
Walk in, it's like all eyes on me and so I try to avoid any eye contact
'Cause if I do that, then it opens the door for conversation, like I want that

I'm not lookin' for extra attention, I just wanna be just like you
Blend in with the rest of the room, maybe just point me to the closest restroom
I don't need no fuckin' man servant, tryin' to follow me around and wipe my ass
Laugh at every single joke I crack and half of 'em ain't even funny like "Hah!

Marshall you're so funny man, you should be a comedian, Goddamn!"
Unfortunately I am, I just hide behind the tears of a clown
So why don't you all sit down, listen to the tale I'm about to tell
Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes and you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles

In my shoes just to see what it's like to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes, just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine, go inside each others' minds
Just to see, what we'd find, look at shit through each others' eyes

But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you (so)

Nobody asked for life to deal us, with these bullshit hands we're dealt
We gotta take these cards ourselves and flip 'em, don't expect no help
Now I could have either just sat on my ass and pissed an' moaned
Or take this situation in which I'm placed in and get up and get my own

I was never the type of kid to wait by the door and pack his bags
Or sat on the porch and hoped and prayed for a dad to show up who never did
I just wanted to fit in, in every single place, every school I went
I dreamed of being that cool kid, even if it meant actin' stupid

Aunt Edna always told me, "Keep makin' that face, it'll get stuck like that"
Meanwhile I'm just standin' there, holdin' my tongue tryin' to talk like this
Till I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole at 8 years old
I learned my lesson then 'cause I wasn't tryin' to impress my friends no more

But I already told you my whole life story, not just based on my description
'Cause where you see it from where your sittin' it's probably 110% different
I guess we would have to walk a mile in each others' shoes at least
What size you wear, I wear 10's, let's see if you can fit your feet

In my shoes just to see what it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes, just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine, go inside each others' minds
Just to see what we'd find, look at shit through each others' eyes

But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you (so)

Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own. (Oh)
Everybody has their private world, where they can be alone. (So)
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through? (Oh)
Are you reaching out for me? I'm reaching out for you. (So)

Spoken
Yeah, to my babies, stay strong. Dad'll be home soon.
And to the rest of the world, God gave you them shoes, to fit you.
So put 'em on and wear 'em.
Be yourself, man. Be proud of who you are.
Even if it sounds corny, don't ever let no one tell you you ain't beautiful. (So)
Eminem
Oh!
Ladies and gentlemen
The moment you've all been waiting for...
In this corner: weighing 175 pounds,
With a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults and 4 murders
The undisputed, most diabolical villain in the world:
Slim Shady!

So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto
Uh-oh, uh-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got clothes

Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us
And ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust
It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk

Ok! Let's go!

Back with Andre the Giant, Mr. Elephant Tusk
Fix your musk, you'll be just another one bit the dust
Just one of my mother's sons who got thrown under the bus
Kiss my butt, lick frumunda cheese from under my nuts

It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks
It's a must, I redeem my name and haters get mushed
Bitches lust, man they love me when I lay in the cut
Fist the cup, the lady give her eighty some paper cut

Now picture us, it's ridiculous, you curse at the thought
'Cause when I spit the verse the shit gets worse than Worcestershire sauce
If I could fit the words as picture perfect, works every time
Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes

It's elementary, the elephants have entered the room
I venture to say with the center of attention, "It's true"
Not to mention back with a vengeance so here's the signal
Of the bat symbol, the platinum trio's back on you hoes

So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto
Uh-oh, uh-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes

Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us
And ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust
It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk

Ladies and gentlemen... Dr. Dre!

Dr. Dre
They see that low rider go by, they like, "Oh, my!"
You ain't got to tell me why you're sick 'cause I know why
I dip through in that six tre like, "Sick 'em, Dre"
I'm an itch that they can't scratch, they're sick of me

But hey, what else can I say? I love L.A.
'Cause over and above all, it's just another day
And this one begins where the last one ends
Pick up where we left off and get smashed again

I'll be damned, just fucked around and crashed my Benz
Driving 'round with a smashed front end, let's cash that one in
Grab another one from out the stable
The Monte Carlo, El Camino or the El Dorado

The hell if I know, do I want leather seats or vinyl?
Decisions, decisions, garage looks like precision collision
Or maico, beats quake like Waco
Just keep the bass low speakers away from your face though

Eminem
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto
Uh-oh, uh-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got clothes

Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us
And ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust
It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk

And I take great pleasure in introducing... 50 Cent!

50 Cent
It's bottle after bottle
The money ain't a thang when you party with me
It's what we into, it's simple
We ball out of control like you wouldn't believe

I'm the napalm, the bomb, the Don, I'm King Kong
Get rolled on, wrapped up and reigned on
I'm so calm through Vietnam, ring the alarm
Bring the Chandon, burn marajaun do what you want

Nigga on and on till the break of what?
Get the paper man I'm caking you know I don't give a fuck
I spend it like it don't mean nothing
Blow it like it's supposed to be blown, Mafucker, I'm grown

I stunt, I style, I flash the shit
I gets what the fuck I want, so what? I trick
Fat ass, burgundy bags, classy shit
Jimmy Choo shoes, I say, "Move a-bitch, move"

Eminem
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto
Uh-oh, uh-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got clothes

Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us
And ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust
It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk
As heard on The Marshall Mathers LP

Eminem: Heyyy
Steve: Hey, Em, what's up?
Eminem: Steve Berman. What's goin' on, man, how you doin? Good to see you again. What's up?
Steve: Em, could you come here and have a seat, please?
Eminem: Umm, yeah, what's...
Steve: Vannessa, shut the door
Secretary: Okay
Eminem: So what's up? How's orders looking for the first week?
Steve: It would be better if you gave me nothing at all
Eminem: Wh
Steve: This album is less than nothing. I can't sell this fucking record
Eminem: Wha
Steve: Do you know what's happening to me out there?
Eminem: Wh-wha-what's the problem?
Steve: Violent Ground told me to go fuck myself
Eminem: Who's Violent...?
Steve: Tower Records told me to shove this record up my ass! Do you know what it feels like to be told to have a record shoved up your ass?
Eminem: But, I
Steve: I'm gonna lose my fuckin' job over this. You know why Dre's record was so successful? He's rappin' about big-screen tv's, blunts, 40's and bitches. You're rappin' about homosexuals and Vicadin
Eminem: I mean
Steve: I can't sell this shit
Eminem: What
Steve: Either change the record or it's not coming out
Eminem: What, I
Steve: Now get the fuck out of my office
Eminem: What am I supposed
Steve: NOW
Eminem: Aight man, whatever

As heard on Devil's Nightby D12

(Eminem)Hey Steve, Vanessa said you waned to see me
(Steve)Marshall, I can call you Marshall right?
(Eminem)Uhh, sure
(Steve)Good. Sit the fuck down for a second
(Eminem)Okay...
(Steve)Do you just fuckin hate me?
(Eminem)Hate you? What
(Steve)What the fuck have I ever done to you? Your last record, we got lucky. This D12 album is FUCKED
(Eminem)What's wrong with it?
(Steve)I don't wanna rape my grandmother! I don't wanna have sex with pitbulls! I wanna roll on dubs, I want throw bows, I wanna rock prada
(Eminem)"Rock prada"?
(Steve)And who the fuck is this Bizarre guy?
(Eminem)What do you mean?
(Steve)Do you need a CAT scan?! Where the fuck did you find this guy?
(Eminem)I mean, I've known him like...
(Steve)This album's never coming out
(Eminem)Steve, you've only heard one song
(Steve)Fuck you! Get the fuck outta here! NOW
(Eminem)Okay, okay, shit

As heard on The Eminem Show

*Door knocks*

Steve Berman:
It's ridiculous, I can't believe it, what?
Hold on a minute
Em...

Eminem:
Whuddup?

Steve Berman:
Dre, I'll call you back

Eminem:
What now?

Steve Berman:
I don't even know where to start

Eminem:
Okay

Steve Berman:
I got the album from upstairs

Eminem:
And?

Steve Berman:
And this is by far the most...

*Gun shoots*

Steve Berman:
...incredible thing I've ever heard...

As heard on Relapse

(Ring Ring)
Secretary: Mr.Berman?
Steve: What?
Secretary: We have Eminem here to see you
Steve: About fuckin' time. Send him in
(Door opens)
Eminem: Steve! Good to see you man. Um,hey I jus
Steve: Well, look who decided to show his face! I hope you've had fun in the last four years
Em: Look man, I apologize again for
Steve: For shooting me?! Do you know I lost the use of my right arm?
Eminem: Again, it was a mistake. It was a terrible mista--- are you wearing a bulletproof vest?
Steve: And then you go and do, what, Hide out? Stay in Detroit for almost 5 years while the music industry melts the fuck down? Do you know how many people lost their jobs because of your fucking vacation?
Eminem: Well, that's actually why I'm here, I was gonna put out some new music and I wanted to play it for you and get your opinion
Steve: Do I REALLY need to hear it? Let me guess: Another album about "poor me, I'm so famous it has ruined my rich little life and I'm such a tortured artist let me make music about it and my tragic love life." Am I on to something here?
Eminem: C'mon, man! It's not like that
Steve: You know what? Just hand the fucking thing over! I'm done talking to you! Think you can just come and go as you please, big selfish superstar
Eminem: Steve, I had a drug problem
Steve: "Oh, poor me! I had a drug problem!" Who hasn't had a drug problem in this town? You know what?
(Cocks gun, Em: "Woah!")
Just lay this shit down on my desk and get the fuck out
Eminem: Woah Woah, Jesus Christ man, alright alright, here, fine...
Steve: What's this shit?! TWO cds?
Eminem: That's what I've been trying to tell you, man. It's two albums
Steve: Just get out! Get the fuck out
Eminem: Alright, man. See you later
A lot of people ask me
Where the fuck I've been at the last few years
Shit, I don't know
But I do know, I'm back now
Haha!

Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, don't wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

Here comes the rain, and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, don't wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

Dre, I'm down here, under the ground, dig me up
Broken tibia's, fibula's, yeah fix me up
Sixty sluts, all of 'em dying from asphyxia
After they sip piss through a Christopher Reeve Sippy cup

Dixie cups, toxins, boxes of Oxy Pads
Enough Oxycontin to send a fuckin' ox to rehab
Whack job in the back in a black stocking cap
Jackin' off to a hockey mask and a boxing match

(He can't say that!)
Yes he can, I just did faggot, now guess again
Better text message your next o' kin
Tell 'em shit's about to get extra messy, especially when I flex again
And throw a fucking lesbian in wet cement

So faggoty, faggoty, faggoty, Raggedy Ann an' Andy
No, Raggedy Andy an' Andy. No, it can't be, it can't be
Yes, it can be! The fucking Antichrist is back, Danny
It's Satan in black satin panties

This is Amityville, calamity, goddammit, insanity
Pills, fanny-pack filled with Xanies
Through every nook and cranny, lookin' for trannies
Milk and cookies spilt on my silk neglig&#xE9;e, looky

Razor b-lades with me to make you b-leed
Cases of Maybelline make-up lay on a table of weed
Slim Shady, shit sounds like a fable to me
Till he jumps out the fucking toilet when you're takin' a pee

Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, don't wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, don't wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

Six semen samples, seventeen strands o' hair
Found in the back of a van after the shoot with Vanity Fair
Hannah Montana prepare to elope with a can-opener
And be cut open like cantaloupe on canopy beds

And glad bags, yeah glad to be back
'Cause last year was a tragedy that landed me smack dab in rehab
Fucking doctor, I ain't understand a damn word he said
I planned to relapse the second I walked out of that bitch

Two weeks in Brighton, I ain't enlightened
Bitin' into a fucking Vicodin like I'm a viking
Oh, lightnin' is strikin' it might be a fucking sign I need a psychic-
Evaluation. Fuck Jason, it's Friday the 19th

That means it's just a regular day
And this is the kind of shit I think of regularly
Fucking lesbian, shouldn't have had her legs in the way
Now she's pregnant and gay, missing both legs and begging to stay

Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, don't wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, don't wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

Tell the critics I'm back and I'm coming to spit it back in abundance
Hit a fag with onions then split a bag of Funions
Mad at me, understandable, cannibal shoot an animal
Out of a cannon and have him catapult at an adult

Captain of a cult with an elite following
To turn Halloween back to a Trick or Treat holiday
Have Micheal Myers looking like a liar
Swipe his powers replace his knife with flowers and a stack of flyers

Hit Jason Voorhees with a forty
Stuck a suppository up his ass and made him tell me a story
Gave Hannibal Lecter a fucking nectarine
And sat him in the fucking fruit and vegetable section and gave him a lecture

Walked up Elm Street with a fucking Wiffle bat drew
Fought Freddy Krueger and Edward Scissorhands too
And came out with a little scratch, ooh
Looking like I got into a fucking pillow fight with a Triple Fat Goose

Insanity, can it be vanity, where's the humanity
In havin' a twisted fantasy with an arm-and-leg amputee
Straight jacket with a hundred an eight brackets
And a strap that wraps twice around my back, then they latch it

Cut your fuckin' head off and ask, "Where you headed off to?"
Get it? "Headed off to?" Medic, this headache's awful
This anesthetic's pathetic, so's this diabetic waffle
And this prosthetic arm keeps crushin' my hard taco!

Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, don't wonder how
Looking for me? I'm underground

Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, don't wonder how
Looking for me? I'm underground

Rehab Meeting
Random Guy
I had to get sober.
It wasn't a choice, it was, I had to do this.
And now I got 90 days clean.
And uh, that's all I have to share. 
Thanks.

Meeting Coordinator
Well thanks for sharing Brian.
There anyone else who'd like to share this evening.

Ken Kaniff 
Yeah, I got something to share...

*Singing*
When you walk through the door, you were queer to me (Is he tap dancing?)
So come here baby boy, just come here to me (Uhh why's he taking his clothes off?)
You're a cock boy, everybody wants you (That's gross)
You're gayer, than you would ever claim to
I won't have to rape you
So homie...
Lay down, down down (I'm gettin' out of here)
Lay down, down down
Lay down, down down (Have a good night)
Lay down, lay down

*Talking*
Uhh, where's everybody going?
This always went over real big in Gay.A.
Ok wait, I got another one...

*Singing*
I just love condoms and lots of cum

*Talking*
No?
Oh, shit.
*Door Close*
(Eminem)
{*Yawns*} Yeah, look

If I would've rap about the crap that's out, that's the route
You probably want me to take 'cause you're just dyin' to know what I think
Here my take on some other rappers
If I was to say somethin' about Paul Wall you'd probably crap in your pants
'Cause I'm white and he's white, so he's like
My competition I mean, right? Nope
Paul Wall is dope, and so is Bubba, so
{*Blblblbl, pbbbbt*} B-b-b-b-b-b, but
I don't compete with nobody
I just go hard, do the rope-a-dope Ali shuffle
And dance around my opponents, do donuts
Sometimes I play possum, like I'm asleep it's awesome
I'm like a sleepin' giant and when I awake I'm like Dre
I just jump from outta nowhere and bite break
And sink my teeth in 'em and fill 'em, full of poison
And make a noise like a snake before I kill 'em
And let 'em know that I just don't feel 'em
And smack him with the backward E, the Eminem emblem
Always thought if you was gonna murder somebody you should face em
Tell 'em why, look 'em dead in the eye, then waste 'em
And the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell
Then swallow the shell, all the hollow who dwell
In the shadows of all who are willing to sell their souls
For this rap game and it g-g-goes
One-two-three, chk-chk one-two-three
Chk-chk one-two-three, that ain't the hook, now follow me
There's nothing else for me to say, my public adores me
Everybody bores me, they're just so corny
So at night before I sleep, I look in the mirror
The mirror grows lips and it whispers "Come nearer"

(Chorus: Eminem)
My darling, I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling
You and me were meant to be together my darling
And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling
You and me were meant to be together my darling
And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

 + (devil)
(Shady, I know you're in there somewhere, come here
Talk to me, sit, here, pull up a chair
Why don't you cut your hair? {*laughs*}
Dye it back, c'mon try it) Ah!
No I told you leave me the fuck alone, will you?!
(But I'm here to rebuild you) But I already killed you!
(But Shady, we were meant for each other
Think about your mother) Yeah, so what of her?
(You think about what she did to you and your little brother
All them foster homes) FUCK YOU MOTHERFUCKER!
I had you beat! (No, I was playin' possum
Remember? I let you watch your little girls blossom
I gave you enough time, your soul's mine
I'm takin' it back!) You fuckin' bitch, WHY?!
(Because I love you, look a little closer
Isn't that us on that poster? Hahaha!)

(Chorus: Eminem)
My darling, I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling
You and me were meant to be together my darling
And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling
You and me were meant to be together my darling
And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

 + (devil)
(Shady, listen - "SHADY!" - you hear that?
They're screamin for you, I can bring your career back)
But I don't want it back (Yes you do) no I don't
(Yes you do, you're gonna regret it later) No I won't
(I'ma get Dre on the phone, I'll just call the Doctor)
Go ahead, I already talked to, Dre yesterday
(Well I got him on the phone right now)

 + (Eminem)
Slim (you're lyin') yo Slim! (How, why now?)
(Whattup Dre?) Check this out Slim, I gotta talk to you
I don't know, it just seems like ever since you got off your
Drugs you became a lot softer
(But Dre, all Shady is is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka)
Well, just think about it Slim, I'm here
Just hit me back and let me know what's up (FUCK THIS MIRROR!)

{*Glass breaks*}

 + (devil)
Ah! (I'm not in the mirror, I'm inside you
Let me guide you) FUCK YOU, DIE YOU
SON-OF-A-BITCH! {*gun cocks*} (Put the gun down) Bye-bye!
{*Blam*} Okay, I'm still alive (so am I too!
You can't kill a spirit even if you tried to
Ha ha, you sold your soul to me, need I remind you?
You remember that night you
Prayed to God you'd give anything to get a record deal, well Dre signed you
This is what you wanted your whole life Marshall, right? Ooh
Look at this house, look at these cars, they're so nice, woo!
Oh, but you didn't know fame has a price too?
That you're just now seein the downside to?
Lose your best friend from high school, your wife too
Ain't even sure if your kids like you?
Come off tour, can't even sleep at night without NyQuil
Become a Valium addict, start a rehab cycle
But together we can break the cycle
Marshall) WHAT?! (No one's gonna love you like I do)

(Chorus: Eminem)
My darling, I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling
You and me were meant to be together my darling
And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling
You and me were meant to be together my darling
And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

(Eminem)
I said I don't ever want you to leave, you're my darling
You and me were meant to be together my darling
And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body {*echoes*}
(Numerous news reports)
"Breaking news, Detroit rapper Eminem cancels his sold-out European tour
To check himself into rehab, after admitting an addiction
To sleep medication. We'll have more on this story as it develops."
"Shady Records recording artist Obie Trice has apparently
Survived a gunshot to the head, in what appears to be
A random drive-by shooting. Meanwhile, Eminem is rumored to be...
Alienated... on again/off again relationship with..."
"This just in, a tour bus involving Eminem's bus..."
"Updating a story we brought you earlier about gunfire
At an after-hours club we've learned that the rapper Proof
Has been fatally shot."
"Shady/Aftermath recording artist..."
"Long-time best friend of Eminem, and a member of the rap group D12."
"D12 back in the news again today..."
"Is it a sabbatical or the end? The rumors and speculation
Continue to swirl around Eminem. He insists he's just taking a break
But doubters believe he's retiring, leaving us all to ask,
'Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?'"

So this is it, this is what I wished for
Just isn't how I envisioned it, fame to the point of imprisonment
I just thought the shit'd be different
There's somethin' changed the minute that I got a whiff of it
I started to inhale it, smell it, started sniffin it
And it became my cocaine, I just couldn't quit
I just wanted a little bit
Then it turned me to a monster, I became a hypocrite
Concert after concert, I was rakin in the dough, rollin' in green
Had the game hemmed up, like a sewing machine
But I was losin my freedom, there was nowhere for me
To not go and be seen, and just go and be me
And there was no in-between
You either loved it or hate it, every CD critics gave it a 3
Then three, years later they go back and re-rate it
Then called "The Slim Shady LP" the greatest
"The Marshall Mathers" was a classic, "The Eminem Show" was fantastic
But "Encore" just didn't have the caliber to match it
I guess enough time just ain't passed yet
A couple more years that shit'll be "Illmatic"
And eight years later I'm still at it
Divorced, re-married, a felon, a father, sleepin' pill addict
And this is real talk, I feel like The Incredible Hulk
My back has been broke and I can still walk

So be careful what you wish forrrr
Cause you just might get it, and if you get it
Then you just might not knowwww what to do wit it
Cause it might just come back on you ten-folllld
I said be careful what you wish forrrr
Cause you just might get it, and if you get it
Then you just might not knowwww what to do wit it
Cause it might just come back on you ten-folllld

I got a letter from a fan that said, he's been prayin' for me
Every day and for some reason it's been weighin on my mind heavy
'Cause I don't read every, letter I get
But somethin' told me to go ahead and open it
But, why would someone pray for you when they don't know you?
You didn't pray for me when I was local
And as I lay these vocals, I think of all the shit I had to go through
Just to get to where I'm at, I've already told you
At least, a thousand times in these rhymes
I appreciate the prayer but I've already got God on my side
And it's been one hell of a ride, hasn't it?
Just watchin it from a opposite standpoint, man boy it's got to look
Nuts, and that's the only word I can think of
Right now on how, to describe the shit
This is like a vibe you get, go ahead and bop to it
Just watch what you wish for 'cause I got the shit

So be careful what you wish forrrr
Cause you just might get it, and if you get it
Then you just might not knowwww what to do wit it
Cause it might just come back on you ten-folllld
I said be careful what you wish forrrr
Cause you just might get it, and if you get it
Then you just might not knowwww what to do wit it
Cause it might just come back on you ten-folllld
Guess who?
Did you miss me?
Jessica Simpson, sing the chorus

When you walked through the door, (whoo) it was clear to me (clear to me)
You're the one they adore, who they came to see (who they came to see)
You're a rock star (baby), everybody wants you (everybody wants you)
Player, (oh) who can really blame you (who can really blame you)
We're the ones who made you

Back by popular demand
Now pop a little Zan-tac for antacid if you can
You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand
How does it feel, is it fantastic is it grand?

Well look at all the massive masses in the stands
Shady man, no don't massacre the fans
Damn, I think Kim Kardashian's a man
She stomped him just 'cause he asked to put his hands

On her massive gluteus maximus again
Squeeze it and squish it and pass it to a friend
Can he come back, as nasty as he can
Yes he can-can, don't ask me this again

He does not mean to lesbian offend
But Lindsay, please come back to seein' men
Samantha's a two, you're practically a ten
I know you want me girl, in fact I see you grin
Now come in girl

When you walked through the door, (whoo) it was clear to me (clear to me)
You're the one they adore, who they came to see (who they came to see)
You're a rock star (baby), everybody wants you (everybody wants you)
Player, (oh) who can really blame you (who can really blame you)
We're the ones who made you

The enforcer, looking for more women to torture
Walk up to the cutest girl and charley horse her
Sorry Portia, but whats Ellen DeGeneres
Have that I don't, are you telling me tenderness

Well I can be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman
Give me my Ventolin inhaler and two Xenedrine
And I'll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner then
Nail her, baby say hello to my little friend

Brit forget K-Fed, let's cut out the middlemen
Forget him or you're gonna end up in hospital again
And this time it wont be for the Ritalin binge
Forget them other men girl, pay them little attention

And little did I mention, that Jennifer's in
Love with me John Mayer, so sit on the bench
Man I swear them other guys, you give 'em an inch
They take a mile, they got style but it isn't Slim

When you walked through the door, (whoo) it was clear to me (clear to me)
You're the one they adore, who they came to see (who they came to see)
You're a rock star (baby), everybody wants you (everybody wants you)
Player, (oh) who can really blame you? (who can really blame you)
We're the ones who made you

And that's why my love, you'll never live without
I know you want me girl 'cause I can see you checkin' me out
And baby, you know, you know you want me too
Don't try to deny it baby, I'm the only one for you

Damn girl, I'm beginning to sprout an alfalfa
Why should I wash my filthy mouth out
You think that's bad, you should hear the rest of my album
Never has there been such finesse and nostalgia

Man, Cash, I don't mean to mess up your gal but
Jessica Alba put her breast in my mouth (blup)
Wowzers, I just made a mess in my trousers
And they wonder why I keep dressin' like Elvis

Lord help us, he's back in his pink ALF shirt
Lookin' like someone shrinked his outfit
I think he's about ta flip, Jessica
Rest assured Superman's here to rescue ya

Can ya blame me, you're my Amy I'm your Blake
Matter fact, bake me a birthday cake
With a saw blade in it, to make my jail break
Baby, I think you just met your soul mate
Now break it down, girl

When you walked through the door, (wooo) it was clear to me (clear to me)
You're the one they adore, who they came to see (who they came to see)
You're a - rock star (baby), everybody wants you (everybody wants you)
Player, (oh) who can really blame you? (who can really blame you)
We're the ones who made you

So baby
Baby, get down, down down
Baby, get down, down down
Baby, get down, down down
Baby, get down, get down

Baby, get down, down down
Baby, get down, down down
Baby, get down, down down
Baby, get down, get down

Oh, Amy
Rehab never looked so good
I can't wait, I'm going back
Ha-ha, wooo
Dr. Dre, two-thousand and twenty
Yeah
Eminem
Oh!
Ladies and gentlemen
The moment you've all been waiting for...
In this corner: weighing 175 pounds,
With a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults and 4 murders
The undisputed, most diabolical villain in the world:
Slim Shady!

So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto
Uh-oh, uh-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got clothes

Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us
And ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust
It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk

Ok! Let's go!

Back with Andre the Giant, Mr. Elephant Tusk
Fix your musk, you'll be just another one bit the dust
Just one of my mother's sons who got thrown under the bus
Kiss my butt, lick frumunda cheese from under my nuts

It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks
It's a must, I redeem my name and haters get mushed
Bitches lust, man they love me when I lay in the cut
Fist the cup, the lady give her eighty some paper cut

Now picture us, it's ridiculous, you curse at the thought
'Cause when I spit the verse the shit gets worse than Worcestershire sauce
If I could fit the words as picture perfect, works every time
Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes

It's elementary, the elephants have entered the room
I venture to say with the center of attention, "It's true"
Not to mention back with a vengeance so here's the signal
Of the bat symbol, the platinum trio's back on you hoes

So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto
Uh-oh, uh-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes

Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us
And ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust
It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk

Ladies and gentlemen... Dr. Dre!

Dr. Dre
They see that low rider go by, they like, "Oh, my!"
You ain't got to tell me why you're sick 'cause I know why
I dip through in that six tre like, "Sick 'em, Dre"
I'm an itch that they can't scratch, they're sick of me

But hey, what else can I say? I love L.A.
'Cause over and above all, it's just another day
And this one begins where the last one ends
Pick up where we left off and get smashed again

I'll be damned, just fucked around and crashed my Benz
Driving 'round with a smashed front end, let's cash that one in
Grab another one from out the stable
The Monte Carlo, El Camino or the El Dorado

The hell if I know, do I want leather seats or vinyl?
Decisions, decisions, garage looks like precision collision
Or maico, beats quake like Waco
Just keep the bass low speakers away from your face though

Eminem
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto
Uh-oh, uh-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got clothes

Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us
And ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust
It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk

And I take great pleasure in introducing... 50 Cent!

50 Cent
It's bottle after bottle
The money ain't a thang when you party with me
It's what we into, it's simple
We ball out of control like you wouldn't believe

I'm the napalm, the bomb, the Don, I'm King Kong
Get rolled on, wrapped up and reigned on
I'm so calm through Vietnam, ring the alarm
Bring the Chandon, burn marajaun do what you want

Nigga on and on till the break of what?
Get the paper man I'm caking you know I don't give a fuck
I spend it like it don't mean nothing
Blow it like it's supposed to be blown, Mafucker, I'm grown

I stunt, I style, I flash the shit
I gets what the fuck I want, so what? I trick
Fat ass, burgundy bags, classy shit
Jimmy Choo shoes, I say, "Move a-bitch, move"

Eminem
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto
Uh-oh, uh-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got clothes

Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us
And ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust
It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk
It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever, mine (ever mine, ever mine)
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And tellin' every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever, mine (ever mine, ever mine)

Last name Ever, first name Greatest
Like a sprained ankle, boy, I ain't nothin' to play with
Started off local, but thanks to all the haters
I know G4 pilots on a first-name basis
In your city faded off the brown, Nino
She insists she got more class, we know
Swimming in the money, come and find me, Nemo
If I was at the club you know I balled, chemo
Dropped a mix tape, that shit sounded like an album
Who'd a thought a country-wide tour be the outcome
Labels want my name beside an X like Malcolm
Everybody got a deal, I did it without one
Yeah, nigga, I'm about my business
Killin' all these rappers, you would swear I had a hit list
Everyone who doubted me is askin' for forgiveness
If you ain't been a part of it, at least you got to witness
Bitches

It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever, mine (ever mine, ever mine)
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And tellin' every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever, mine (ever mine, ever mine)

Ever, ever, Mr. West is in the buildin'
Ain't no question who about to kill 'em
I used to have hood dreams: Big fame, big chains
I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came
And went hard all fall like the ball teams
Just so I could make it rain all spring
Y'all seen my story, my glory
I had raped the game young, you could call it statutory
When a nigga blow up, they gon' build statues for me
Old money, Benjamin Button, what, nothin'
Nah, super bad chicks giving me McLovin'
You would think I ran the world like Michelle's husband
You would think these niggas know me when they really doesn't
Like they was down with the old me, no, you fuckin' wasn't
"Uh, you such a fuckin' loser
You ain't even go to class, Bueller"
Trade the Grammy plaques just to have my granny back
'Member she had that bad hip like a fanny pack?
Chasing the stardom will turn you to a maniac
All the way in Hollywood and I can't even act
They pull they cameras out, and God damn, they snap
I used to want this thing forever, you can have it back

It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever, mine (ever mine, ever mine)
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And tellin' every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever, mine (ever mine, ever mine)

Okay, hello, it's the Martian, Space Jam Jordans
I want this shit forever, wake up and smell the garden
Fresher than the harvest, step up to the target
If I had one guess, then I guess I'm just New Orleans
And I will never stop, like I'm runnin' from the cops
Hopped up in my car and told my chauffeur "To the top"
Life is such a fuckin' roller coaster, then it drops
But what should I scream for? This is my theme park
My mind shine even when my thoughts seem dark
Pistol on my side, you don't want to hear that thing talk
Let the king talk, check the price and pay attention
Lil Wayne, that's what they got to say or mention
I'm like Nevada in the middle of the summer
I'm resting in the lead, I need a pillow and a cover
Shhh, my foot's sleepin' on the gas
No brake pads, no such thing as last
Uh, uh

It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever, mine (ever mine, ever mine)
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And tellin' every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever, mine (ever mine, ever mine)

There they go, packin' stadiums as Shady spits his flow
Nuts they go, Macadamian, they go so ballistic, whoa
He can make them look like bozos, he's wonderin' if he should spit this slow
Fuck no, go for broke, his cup just runneth over, oh, no
He ain't had a real buzz like this since the last time that he overdosed
They been waitin' patiently for Pinocchio to poke his nose
Back into the game and they know rap'll never be the same as before
Bashin' in the brains of these hoes, and establishin' a name as he goes
The passion and the flame is ignited, you can't put it out once we light it
This shit is exactly what the fuck that I'm talkin' about when we riot
You dealin' with a few true villains who stand inside of the booth truth spillin'
And spit true feelings until our tooth fillings come flyin' up out of our mouths, now rewind it
Payback, motherfucker, for the way that you got at me, how's it taste,
When I slap the taste out of your mouths with the bass so loud that it shakes the place?
I'm Hannibal Lector, so just in case you're thinkin' of saving face
You ain't gonna have no face to save by the time I'm through with this place, so Drake

It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever, mine (ever mine, ever mine)
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And tellin' every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever, mine (ever mine, ever mine)
Eminem
I want you to understand something
That when I come up in this bitch, I want the fans jumping
I want them fists pumping in the air, I don't look like a millionaire
But I feel like a million bucks, ladies, won't you fill your cups?
Shady's come to fill you up, if you a D or a C-cup
You can even be a B, it's just me and D-R-E
You'll be in the E-R, we are strapped with so much T-N-T
We may blow, no, not even C-P-R from the E-M-T
Can help you to resuscitate
You bustas must be flustered, wait
You can't cut the mustard
What's your problem, can't you bust a grape?
What's my name? Shady came to crush the game
Instantly, not even fair to them 'cause they pale in comparison
So much they might as well wear a skin
Don't you wish you could just share his pen?
'Cause this shit is getting embarrassing
The fog is thick, and the air is thin
'Cause he won't even let them try to breathe, dadidadidadadi
He makes it look so easy
Girl, you just hit the lottery

Now, this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose
Try to restrain us, you can't contain us
We still gonna make it stick no matter what we do
Everywhere we go, it seems we looking
For any excuse to just cut loose

So this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose

Dr. Dre
This is when shit hits the fan, like it just flat out don't stand
This is the only moment that matters, your homey rolling with Mathers
Then chaos erupts, Em's in back, Dre's in the front
So do what we say and once it's over like a suance, it hums
(It makes them stay in a trance
No choice, they have to dance)
It's like the playoffs, just making sure that we stay in the hunt
Take a day off or what? Man, you better lay off the blunts
You must be smokin' something, think I ain't smokin' nothing, stay off my nuts

Now hit the floor, baby, time to wipe away all the rust
Shake all them cobwebs loose, loosen up with a little bit of Grey Goose
Yeah, girl, shake that caboose, I don't wanna see you try to make no excuse
D-R-E is on the loose, I'm like a goose when it comes to the chronic use
You know I can't stand to lose, Me and my goons are like animals
Wake up like a pack of wolves and we came here to extract the roof
Yeah, man, ain't that the truth?
Girl, your man's is like in the booth
Definitely back up in this bitch, you swing? all hell breaks loose

Now this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose
Try to restrain us, you can't contain us
We still gonna make it stick, no matter what we do
Everywhere we go, it seems we looking
For any excuse to just cut loose

So this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose

Eminem
Now, I know you're feelin' discouraged, but homey, just mark my words
I'm murderin' the flow, liquid courage I'm fin' to blow
As soon as we hit the do' power surges head to toe
I'm sure to push it as far as words are meant to go
We're in the indigo Winnebago with tinted windows
Ferocious as we proceed to beat up the block wit yo' ho
With speakers knockin', it's 3 o'clock, me and Doc then proceed to drop
E and hop out the vehicle and knock on your do'

Dr. Dre
Yeah, so let us in 'fore we huff and puff and we blow
We ain't bluffin' for nothin', we'll knock the stuffin' out you
Revenge is so sweet, move till you injure your feet
Yeah, move it or lose it' freak, move to the beat, lose yourself indubitably
Pass up on that little cute chick right there that'll be pretty damn stupid of me
Born and raised in the C-P-T, yeah, Los Angeles, rules of the streets
Them haters hatin' on me, but I refuse to lose any sleep
Keep that deuce-deuce in the seat, Dre fall off, that's news to me

Now this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose
Try to restrain us, you can't contain us
We still gonna make it stick, no matter what we do
Everywhere we go, it seems we looking
For any excuse to just cut loose

So this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose
(Eminem)
Better watch out sucker now I got ya where I want ya,
Onslaught, coming and I'm packing in my lunch a,
Bunch a missile launchers and a bunch a contra-
Ban van full of ganja, now come on jump,
Man stop marchin' Marshall oh my God ya,
Doin' the cha cha and the cucaracha with a quadri-
Plegic boogieing down to Frank Sinatra,
Lindsay to the Lohan naked while you let me watch ya,
Who da knew the Buddha do ta me what's its done,
Such cynicism when this isn't in my system,
Blunt hypnotism lift the spliff up to my lip son,
So much on my hands, I got to give my kids a fist pump,
Chris-to-pher Reeves swimming in my swim trunks,
Mis-ter, "help me"'s what he said to me and then sunk,
Women skinning them and cutting them up in chunks,
In comes the woman with cocoa butter skin ones,

Once again they call me Buffalo Bill,
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-buffalo bill,
Skin 'em up, hem em,
Sew 'em up in those kilts, up in those kilts,
Upa up in those kilts,
Man, you don't want to go up in those hills,
Up in those hills, uppa up in those hills
You better beware, stay clear of buffalo bill, buffalo bill,
Buffa-buffalo bill,

(Eminem)
Always, you can see 'em lurking in the hallways,
Carcasses of caucasion females in his crawl space,
How the hell did he fit 'em all into such a small place,
Hide 'em in the wall but how long will the drywall take,
Well f-ck it then, I got nothing but time, I'll wait,
Until it dries for the moment I guess your all safe,
After I sand it and buff it I guess that I'll paint,
My chainsaw's outta gas my regular saw ain't,
Now here I come again, damn stomach rumbling,
You can even hear the evil spirits coming from within,
Someone's in, the back of my damn house rummaging,
It's a girl, she looks pretty thin but I want her skin,
Been on the hunt again, when will it ever end,
Evelyn why you trying to fight you will never win,
Severing legs, arms, damn there goes another limb,
Pull the lever then trap door, death is evident

Once again they call me Buffalo Bill,
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-buffalo bill,
Skin 'em up, hem em,
Sew 'em up in those kilts, up in those kilts,
Upa up in those kilts,
Man, you don't want to go up in those hills,
Up in those hills, uppa up in those hills
You better beware, stay clear of buffalo bill, buffalo bill,
Buffa-buffalo bill,

(Eminem)
Now what you know about Buffalo Bill,
Nothing so chill,
F-cking hoe, you better f-cking hold still,
Make sure none of that lotion in that bucket don't spill,
Cut 'em gut 'em and just keep stuffing those girls,
Man I think she had enough of those pills,
Sedate her, then I wait I come back later just to clutch on those steel blades
Baby when I cut ya don't squeal
I hate the loud noises I f-cking told you,
I keep hearing voices like
Wouldn't you like to go and get ya butcher knife
And push it right through her while ya put ya shish-kebab skewer
Into her, barbecue her or would ya do to her what you usually do to a girl who's skins newer,

(Yoda)
In a World of Sin doer this is turning into a torment tournament of sorts,
Christmas Ornament you are,

(Eminem)
I"ll be sure to Ginsu ya till there's no more skin to ya,
Boo ya who ya think you f-cking with,
Duck because here he comes again,

Once again they call me Buffalo Bill,
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-buffalo bill,
Skin 'em up, hem em,
Sew 'em up in those kilts, up in those kilts,
Upa up in those kilts,
Man you don't want to go up in those hills,
Up in those hills, uppa up in those hills
You better beware, stay clear of buffalo bill, buffalo bill,
Buffa-buffalo bill,
There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said what if you went platinum, I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty something million records worldwide later
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

Haters getting mad, they done had enough of Shady
You slay me, nothing you say matters enough to touche me
Rappers try to play me, they use Hailie as a ukulele
Woopsy down a fucking daisy
That's an honor who even she knows dada's fucking crazy
Fucking animal, cookoo, bananas, fucking AV
Maybe it's because I never had a mother raise me
Fuck around and throw a baby at another baby
You may think it's cause of the way that I was brought up
But it's all caught up to me now, palm is in the waters
Every line I ever said has got me in a corner
You might think it doesn't creep upon ya, but it all does
You wouldn't listen man, I tried to warn ya when you started
Now your brains all haunted cause of all the shit you thought of
Chainsaw slaughters turn your daughters into sawdust
I never thought it'd come to this, I outta just be honest but

There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said what if you went platinum, I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty something million records worldwide later
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

Sorry Lance, Mr. Lambert and Aiken ain't gonna make it
They get so mad, when I call them both fake it's
All these fucking voices in my head I can't take it
Someone shut that fucking baby up, 'fore I shake it
You're standing adjacent to Jason's last slut, they're facing
Together makes 'em, a fucking bad combination
I lashed at the doctor in my last operation
Shoved the Wiener Schnitzel up his ass, hopped away some-
Body please stop the patient, get the cops to mase him
Homie, I'm the shizer, pass doctor dre some
I can't leave the game, I just can't walk away son
No not-a now, not a chance, not today son
I can't believe I leave for one brief second
And you pussies queef all over the rap game, naked
And use a leaf to wipe up the crap stains, fake it
I just keep saying the same exact saying, check it

There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said what if you went platinum, I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty something million records worldwide later
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

Elevator in my house, I'll smell ya later
I blew the fuck up, a hamster in a microwave-I
Thinkin' about an escalator now, steps, I hate 'em
Told the neighbor step away, then I just pepper sprayed 'em
Yeah, for every time you ride down the street
Or hideout, drive by my house and beep
Like now motherfucker, try now to sleep
Lie down fucker, try countin' sheep
And you're tryna find out, why now there's beef?
Mase in your face bitch, cry now pussy
This is my house, all nine thousand feet
So you can suck my dick with Amy Winehouse's teeth
Then I shove 'em in the elevator, take 'em to the top
Stand above em, just to cut the fucking cable, let 'em drop
Walk an hour to the damn refrigerator, get a pop
While I let 'em fall all the way to the basement yelling stop

There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said what if you went platinum, I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty something million records worldwide,
Later I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

Fucking son of a bitch, I can't believe this shit
This must be all that there is, this must be it
Fuckin-A even got a bidet
Wash my ass after I shit with gold toilet paper
Dishwasher's so big, when I'm pissed off
I can just toss a flying saucer in it
This shit's awesome, yeah, fucking elevator
Living in a house with a fucking elevator
It feels so wrong, does it feel so right? But it's all right, it's okay with me.
I'll do my steps all by myself, I don't need nobody to play with me,
But if you just give me a chance, I can put you in a trance the way I dance.
But don't nobody wanna play with me so I'm taking my ball and going home (home).

(Eminem)
I'm that guy man, shove a dime up in my hind end,
And crush it with my butt muscles as I cut vocals,
Slut poke holes in your shirt jump in mud puddles,
While I stomp mud holes in your ass girl lets cuddle,
Blood curdling on your girdle whatll,
I do for my next trick I'm feeling wonderful,
I think I might just do something a little less subtle,
Shove a fucking Tonka truck up a little kids butt hole,
Feel the wrath of a psychopath slash Ambassador,
Of the Valentines Day massacre slash assassin,
I slash her in ass with an icicle and leave her in a blood bath while I,
Put a catheter in and jump in the bath with her,
In my Spider-Man mask just imagine,
The fun I can have with a strap on,
Stick up a Kim Kardashians ass,
And make the bitch run a triathlon,
Are those pistachios? Damn id like to have some,
Laying on the patio man rolling a fat one,
Shady drop the magic marker put the cap on,
Goddamn man are you that much of an asshole.

It feels so wrong, does it feel so right? But it's all right, it's okay with me.
I'll do my steps all by myself, I don't need nobody to play with me,
But if you just give me a chance, I can put you in a trance the way I dance.
But don't nobody wanna play with me so I'm taking my ball and going home (home).

(Eminem)
I'm like Houdini,
Tuck my teeny, eenie, weenie between each,
One of my thighs and make it disappear like Houdini.
Make this shit disappear like Tara Ried in a bikini,
Believe me homie you don't know the meaning of a meanie.
They call me the fruit loop from Jupiter,
I'm tryna maneuver the hoover up in your poop shoot, don't move or ya,
Might get it stuck up so fuckin' far up in your uvula,
You ain't gonna know what he was tryna do to your gloutius.
Totally tubular, sniffin' glue through a tube in the studio,
Now who do ya think is more fruitier?
Weenier's smothered in peanut butter,
Pudding on the tube of your eye shadow,
And that'd look nice, you shoulda seen it mother.
I think I put a piece of art on my Visa card,
Then I'll go beat Mischa Barton with a cuisinart,
And mosy on over to Rosie O'Donnell's, with McDonald's,
Jump in her lap and watch the Sopranos.

It feels so wrong, does it feel so right? But it's all right, it's okay with me.
I'll do my steps all by myself, I don't need nobody to play with me,
But if you just give me a chance, I can put you in a trance the way I dance.
But don't nobody wanna play with me so I'm taking my ball and going home (home).

(Eminem)
Shady what're ya doin' chewin' on a human?
Grab an aluminum bat and hide a clue in the back room,
And assumin' the fact that that dude's in the back room,
Usin' the bathroom, vacuumin' a raccoon,
Skewin' a rat, a cat, screwin' a baboon.
You shouldn't ask, "What is he doin' with that broom?".
You should be glad he ain't leave you full of stab wounds,
You in a trance, I'm back doing my dance, ooh.
But they're afraid I might get Sarah Palin,
By the hair and make her wear a bathin' suit and take her parasailin'.
Shady why do you gotta pick on the lady for,
Why you make her read 84 bed time stories to you and baby-tard?
'Cause I'm scared, there's monsters under my bed,
Kelly Pickler hid my juicebox under my bassinet,
No wonder my ass is wet, my diaper needs to be changed,
Do you like graffiti dike? Well I can pee-pee and write your name.

(Eminem)
It feels so wrong, does it feel so right? But it's all right, it's okay with me.
I'll do my steps all by myself, I don't need nobody to play with me,
But if you just give me a chance, I can put you in a trance the way I dance.
But don't nobody wanna play with me so I'm taking my ball and going home (home).

Fine... Nobody wants to play with me? Fuck you then... Bitch... Guys are always mean to me anyways... All they do is rub gum in my hair and stuff... You guys are going to make me sad... I'm crying... I'm gunna tell my mom... MOMMMMMMMM...
Yeah, yeah girl
Can you hear that, it's playing our song
Are you sleepy, take a nap
You're not afraid of the dark are ya

(Verse 1: Eminem)
You hear the beat, as it makes ya not want to go to sleep
I knock on Dakota's door, it's locked so I go to creep
Round the back with binoculars, not 'cause I want to peep
But because I'm hungry, she smells like tacos, I wanna eat
Visions of hot chocolatey marshmallows, all so sweet
With sugar plums, oh look here comes Marshall, he's on your street
He's placin' hot smolderin' charcoals beneath your feet
Now walk on 'em, he's dancin' with carcasses cheek to cheek
Like a Thanksgiving turkey, a holiday ham
Cinnamon sprinkled on toast, strawberry marmalade jam
Flavor my favorite graham crackers with Jon Benet Rams
I guess a modern day Jack the Ripper is all that I am

'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep (My music box)
But I can hear you my love, you keep callin' me (My music box)
And when we're worlds apart, you mean the World to me (My music box)
If you call, I'll come, I will answer (My music box)
'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep (My music box)
I hear my music box, playing a song for me (My music box)
So won't you twirl around, and do a whirl for me (My music box)
And will you be my private little dancer? (My music box)

(Verse 2: Eminem)
I almost look comatose, who wants to be sober? gross
I foam like a doberman, mouth open, I overdose
Put coke up my nostrils, in both my holes then I plug my nose
My pupils quadruple in size, eyes are so bugged I know
I put on my mother's makeup, get naked and run around
Wavin' the gun around, I think I'm down to a hundred pounds
There's thunder, I wonder how come it rains, but the sun is out
The Devil's upset with his wife, they must be sluggin' it out
I must be buggin' the fuck out, but what the fuck about
Voices are leading me up to the attic, I love my house
They pull and they tug my blouse, the sound of a music box
Comes from inside a toy chest, but what do I do it's locked
I pick it and open it, but it's stuffed full of human parts
I dig till I find it, I wind it up, and the tune it starts
It's playin' a song so beautiful and the room is dark
The moon is full, I smell a funeral, guess I'll loom in the park

(Verse 3: Eminem)
I'm fixated, on asphyxiatin'
And breakin' this little chick's neck, like a pixie stick
The sick, Satan worshippin', bitches get horse whippins'
I'm in the back, through the back door slippin'
Through the crack, leavin' the corpse drippin'
The mortician of love, sent from above
Forced entry to maul when she no more stingy I've become
Been doin' this for more than a quarter century, I'm just numb
Am I dreamin', is it real? someone pinch me on the buns
The time has come, to tie her up
Gotta roll me the ladder, I've had enough of the chatter
Climb up to the window look at her
Then climb in slow to shatter, her brain matter and batter her
With a bat a matter of fact that will splatter her
But before I do that, I'll have a chat to flatter her
Give her two compliments back to back like Tabitha
I'm your secret admirer, I'm back to ravish ya
So strong is your fight, but you're no match for Dracula
Prolonging her plight, as I go back to stabbin' her
Dismember her limbs, simple as that, cadaver her
Zoom in with the lens, then pan back the camera
Stand back cause here comes your man, Jack, so Pamela
Yeah, boy
You better ring the alarm, boy
Them know what's coming, boy
Buck, buck, buck, Ha-ha
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

(Eminem)
Oh my god, fucking bombaclot,
I'm hard as Kenard, The little boy that shot Omar in The Wire
Tie a whore up with barbed wire in nothing but a Bra
Boy, I'm the real deal, and charbroil on the bonfire
And bon voyage, bitch, I'm like Chef Boyardee
In this bitch, send the bomb to my mom's lawyer
I'm a problem for you, boy, you think your Tom Sawyer
Till I pull you out the fucking storybook and stomp on ya
Fucking fictional characters and fairytales
Prepare yourself for Captain America on ferris wheels
But it ain't fiction, it's fact, boy, beware it's real
Them lyrics you wield equal zero to a hero's shield
Mr. fly by the seat of his pants para-sail
Fall, hit the trampoline, bounch and grab a pair of stilts
And I ain't wearing zilch, zip, zero, nothing no nada
Like your father fucking your mother

Drop the bomb on 'em
Please don't drop the bomb on me
Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me
Drop the bomb on 'em
I don't want no dog gone beef
You see, ain't no reason to sic the dogs on me

Drop the bomb on 'em
Please don't drop the bomb on me
Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me
Drop the bomb on 'em
I don't want no dog gone beef
You see, ain't no reason to sic the dogs on me

(Eminem)
Boy, I'm the real McCoy, you little boys can't even fill voids
Party's over, kids, kill the noise, here comes the Killjoys
Me and Dre the steel alloys, the rap crown royales
The scalp cowboys, now how that sound for ya?
Yeah, boy, you know we bout to put it down for ya
So, kick your shoes off, and before you have a sound voyage
Sayonara, see you fuckers tomorrow
Get some marinara, marinate in some maranara
And have a coke and smile, don't make me open a jar
Whip ass on ya, that's the last straw you hoping to draw
Yeah, you fresher than most, boy, I'm just doper than all
Boy, I'm that boy, boy, them boys them no up to par
I just show up, go up to the stage and blow up the spot
There ain't no boy who can do what I do, boy, I'm a star
Boy I told you, boy, I'm a soldier, boy, I'm DeShaun
Holton in this bitch, I'm the proof, boy, you're a fraud
I'll destroy ya, boy, fuck around and blow you decide
Oh my god, boy, you didn't go there, no you did not
I got a whole storyboard for you, boy, your the plot
You getting got whether you try to avoid it or not
Apology not accepted, boy, Detroit is a rock
We get to beefing, ain't no telling at what point it'll stop
All I gotta do is point to the spot
When the bomb drops, boy does it drop
And when it does, boy, there's a problem

Drop the bomb on 'em
Please don't drop the bomb on me
Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me
Drop the bomb on 'em
I don't want no dog gone beef
You see, ain't no reason to sic the dogs on me

Drop the bomb on 'em
Please don't drop the bomb on me
Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me
Drop the bomb on 'em
I don't want no dog gone beef
You see, ain't no reason to sic the dogs on me

(Eminem)
Boy, don't jinx yourself, boy, I'm Michael Spinx with the belt
Stringer Bell, boy, my name rings bells for itself
I'm sick as hell, boy, you better run and tell someone else
Bringing hell, boy, singing telegrams or get dealt
And to that boy I'm upsetted in mental said he was better
I bet that he's never seen Freddy in that black and red little sweater
Back better than ever, the cheddar shredder, the grater
The beef grinder, I'll settle vendettas a little later
Giving haters incubators, think you made a mistake
By saying Shady was ghost, I ain't even close to the the gate
You got one foot in the grave, just stay put and behave
I'm bout to turn this fucking place to Beirut in a day
So, hey, wouldn't you say I'm the shit? Couldn't agree
With ya more if you were to say that my fucking shit doesn't stank
Shady fucking aftermath, boy, the ship doesn't sink
It just floats in the fucking water till we fill up the tank

Drop the bomb on 'em
Please don't drop the bomb on me
Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me
Drop the bomb on 'em
I don't want no dog gone beef
You see, ain't no reason to sic the dogs on me

Drop the bomb on 'em
Please don't drop the bomb on me
Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me
Drop the bomb on 'em
I don't want no dog gone beef
You see, ain't no reason to sic the dogs on me
'Cause some things just, don't change
It's better when they stay the same
Although the whole world knows your name
So on a, bigger stage they came to see you spit your game, oh
But it shouldn't be difficult, to explain
Just why you came back again, you hate the fame
Love the game, cold as ice, you remain
Fuck 'em all, tell 'em all, eat shit, here we go again

Spoken:
So, goddamn.
Is it that time again already?
Haha, y'all don't look too happy to see me.
Fuck man, don't everybody welcome me back at once?
All right, fuck y'all then.

You can get the dick, just call me the ball sac, I'm nuts
Michael Vick in this bitch dog, fall back, you mutts
Fuck your worms, you've never seen such a sick puppy
Fuck it a sick duck, I want my duck-sicked, mommy
And my nuts licked, gobble 'em up trick, yummy
Bitch, you don't fuckin' think I know that you suck dick, dummy
You'll get your butt kicked, fuck all that love shit, honey
Yeah I laugh when I call you a slut, it's funny
Shorty, dance while I diss you to the beat, fuck the words
You don't listen to 'em anyway, yeah struck a nerve sucka
Motherfucka' might as well let my lips pucker
Like Elton John, 'cause I'm just a mean cock-sucker
This shit is on 'cause you went and pissed me off, now I'm shittin' and pissin' on
Everybody, give a fuck if it's right or wrong
So buck the Buddah, light a bong
But take a look at Mariah next time I inspire you to write a song (Come on)

Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh oh
I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows
When it snows, and it's twenty be-low
Ask me why, man I just don't, know
Kno-kno-know, know-know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows
Blo-blo-blows, blow-blow blows
Oh oh-oh

Fuck it, I'm a loose cannon
Bruce Banner's back in the booth, y'all are sittin' ducks, I'm the only goose standin'
I'll set the world on fire, piss on it put it out
Stick my dick in a circle, but I'm not fuckin' around
Mo'fucker, I'll show you pussyfootin'
I'll kick a bitch in the cunt, 'til it makes a queef, and sounds like a fuckin' whoopee cushion
Who the fuck is you pushin', you must have mistook me for some
Sissy soft punk, lookin' for some nookie or bosom
Go ahead fuckin' hater push me, I told you ain't no fuckin' way to shush me
Call me a faggot, 'cause I hate a pussy
Man the fuck up sissy, G's up, all you gardeners freeze up
Put your hoes down, Shady ease up
Man chill, naw I can't goddammit, rap is a landfill
Drop the anvil, these are shoes that you can't fill
Shit the day that happens, the world will
Stop spinnin' and Michael J. Fox'll, come to a stand-still

Durin' an earthquake, urine in your face 'cause you're fake
Ow what the fuck, that hurt, wait
Ow what the fuck, I just got struck
By lightnin', alright then I quit, God I give up
Call it evil that men do, Lord forgive me for what my pen do
This is for your sins, I cleanse you
You can repent but I warn you, if you continue
To Hell I'll send you, and just then the wind blew, and I said...

Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh oh
I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows
When it snows, and it's twenty be-low
Ask me why, man I just don't...
Know, kno-kno-know, know-know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows
Blo-blo-blows, blow-blow blows
Oh oh-oh oh-oh

How long will I be this way, Shady until my dyin' day
'Til I hang up the mic and it's time for me to say
So long, 'til then I'll drop the fuckin' bombs
Like I missed the pass when I went long
If you don't like it you can kiss my ass in a lint thong
Now sing along, slut this, slut that, learn the words to the song
Oh bitches don't like that, homie I'll be nicer to women
When Aquaman drowns and the Human Torch starts swimmin'
Man I'm a, cold soul, I roll solo so don't compare
Me, to them other bums over there
It's like apples to oranges, peaches to plums, yeah
I'm bananas pussy, cut off the grapes and grow a pair
But I swear, you try to dis me I'll slaughter you
I put that on everything, like everyone does with auto-tune
The last thing you wanna do is have me spit out a rhyme
And say I was writin' this and I thought of you, so...

Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh oh
I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows
When it snows, and it's twenty be-low
Ask me why, man I just don't...
Know, kno-kno-know, know-know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows
Blo-blo-blows, blow-blow blows
Oh oh-oh oh-oh

I don't know... I don't know what caused...
I don't know what caused me to be this way
I don't know... I don't know but I'll...
Probably be this way 'til my dyin' day
I don't know why I'm so... I'm so cold
Mean things I don't mean to say
I guess this is how you made me
Hey yo
Before I start this song, man
I just want to thank everybody for being so patient
Snd bearing with me over these last couple of years
Ehile I figure this shit out

Is anybody out there, it feels like I'm talkin' 2 myself
No one seems to know my stuggle and everything I've come from
Can anybody hear me, yeah, I guess I keep talkin' 2 myself
It feels like I'm goin' insane, am I the one whose crazy
Woah, woah, woah, woah

So why in the world do I feel so alone
Nobody but me, I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there who feels the way I feel
If there is then let me hear
Just so I know that I'm not the only one

I went away, I guess, and opened up some lanes
But there was no one who even knew I was goin' through growin' pains
Hatred was flowin' through my veins
On the verge of goin' insane
I almost made a song dissin' Lil Wayne

It's like I was jealous of him 'cause of the attention he was gettin'
I felt horrible about myself, he was spittin'
And I wasn't, anyone who was buzzin' back then could have got it
Almost went at Kanye too, God it feels like I'm goin' psychotic

Thank God that I didn't do it
I'da had my ass handed to me and I knew it
But Proof isn't here to see me through it
I'm in the booth poppin' another pill tryin' to talk myself into it

Are you stupid, you gon' start dissin' people for no reason?
'Specially when you can't even write a decent punch line even
You're lyin' to yourself, your slowly dyin', you're denyin', your health
Is declining with your self-esteem, your crying out for help

Is anybody out there, it feels like I'm talkin' 2 myself
No one seems to know my stuggle and everything I've come from
Can anybody hear me, yeah, I guess I keep talkin' 2 myself
It feels like I'm goin' insane, am I the one whose crazy

So why in the world do I feel so alone
Nobody but me, I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there who feels the way I feel
If there is then let me hear
Just so I know that I'm not the only one

Marshall, you're no longer the man, that's a bitter pill to swallow
All I know is I'm wallowin', self-loathin' and hollow
Bottoms up on the pill bottle, maybe I'll hit my bottom tomorrow
My sorrow echos in this hall though (oh-oh-whoa)

But I must be talkin' to the wall though, I don't see nobody else
(I guess I keep talkin' to myself)
But all these other rappers suck is all that I know
I've turned into a hater, I put up a false bravado

But Marshall is not an egomaniac, that's not his motto
He's not a desperado, he's desperate, his thoughts are bottled
Inside him, one foot on the break, one on the throttle
Fallin' asleep with writer's block in the parkin' lot of McDonald's

But instead of feelin' sorry for yourself, do somethin' bout it
Admit you got a problem, your brain is clouded, you pouted
Long enough, it isn't them, it's you, you fuckin' baby
Quit worryin' about what they do and do Shady, I'm fuckin' goin' crazy

Is anybody out there, it feels like I'm talkin' 2 myself
No one seems to know my stuggle and everything I've come from
Can anybody hear me, yeah, I guess I keep talkin' 2 myself
It feels like I'm goin' insane, am I the one whose crazy

So why in the world do I feel so alone
Nobody but me, I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there who feels the way I feel
If there is then let me hear
Just so I know that im not the only one

So I picked myself off the ground and fuckin' swam 'fore I drowned
Hit my bottom so hard, I bounced twice, suffice this time around
It's different, them last two albums didn't count
Encore I was on drugs, Relapse I was flushin' em out

I've come to make it up to you now, no more fuckin' around
I got something to prove to fans 'cause I feel like I let 'em down
So please accept my apology, I finally feel like I'm back to normal
I feel like me again, let me formally

Reintroduce myself to you for those of you who don't know
The new me's back to the old me and homie I don't show no
Signs of slowin' up, oh, and I'm blowin' up all over
My life is no longer a movie but the show ain't over, homos

I'm back with a vengeance, homie, Weezy keep your head up
T.I. keep your head up, Kanye keep your head up, don't let up
Just keep slayin' em, rest in peace to DJ AM
'Cause I know what it's like, I struggle with this shit every single day and um

Is anybody out there, it feels like I'm talkin' 2 myself
No one seems to know my stuggle and everything I've come from
Can anybody hear me, yeah, I guess I keep talkin' 2 myself
It feels like I'm goin' insane, am I the one whose crazy

So why in the world do I feel so alone
Nobody but me, I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there who feels the way I feel
If there is then let me hear
Just so I know that I'm not the only one

So there it is, damn
It feels like I just woke up or something
I guess I just forgot who the fuck I was, man
Hey yo, and to anybody that I thought about going at
It was never nothin' personal; it was jus' some shit I was going through
And to everybody else... I'm back, heh
Heh, yeah, haha
You know critics man, critics never got nothing nice to say man
You know the one thing I noticed about critics, man
Is critics never asked me how my day went
Well, I'ma tell 'em

Yesterday my dog died, I hog tied a ho, tied her in a bow
Said next time you blog, try to spit a flow
You wanna criticize dog, try a little mo'
I'm so tired of this, I could blow, fire in the hole

I'm fired up so fire up the lighter and the dro
Better hold on a little tighter, here I go
Flow's tighter, hot headed as ghost rider, cold hearted
As Spider-Man throwin' a spider in the snow

So you better get lower than Flo-Rida inside of a low-rider
With no tires in the hole
Why am I like this, why is winter cold
Why is it when I talk, I'm so biased to the ho's

Listen dog, Christmas is off, this is as soft as it gets
This isn't golf, this is a blisterin' assault
Those are your wounds, this is the salt
So get lost, shit, dissin' me is just like pissin' off

The Wizard of Oz, wrap a lizard in gauze
Beat you in the jaws with it, grab the scissors and saws
And cut out your livers, gizzards and balls
Throw you in the middle of the ocean in a blizzard with Jaws

So sip piss like sizzurp through a straw
Then describe how it tasted like dessert to us all
Got the gall to make Chris piss in his drawers
Tickle him, go to his grave, skip him and visit his dog

You're on fire
That's how you know you're on a roll
'Cause when you're hot, it's like you're burning up, everyone else is cold
You're on fire
Man, I'm so fuckin' sick
I got ambulances pullin' me over and shit

You're on fire
You need to stop, drop and roll
'Cause when you say the shit to get the whole Hip-Hop shop to blow
You're on fire, yeah, you're on fire

I just put a bullshit hook
In between two long ass verses, if you mistook this for a song, look
This ain't a song, it's a warnin' to Brooke
Hogan and David Cook, that the crook just took over, so book

Run as fast as you can, stop writing and kill it
I'm lightnin' in a skillet, you're a fuckin' flash in the pan
I pop up, you bitches scatter
Like hot grease splashin' a fan, Mr. Mathers is the man

Yeah, I'm pissed but I would rather take this energy and stash it in a can
Come back and whip your ass with it again
Saliva's like sulfuric acid in your hand
It'll eat through anything, metal, the ass of Iron Man

Turn him into plastic, so for you to think that you could stand
A fuckin' chance is asinine, yeah ask Denaun, man
Hit a blind man with a coloring book and told him color inside the lines
Or get hit with a flying crayon

Fuck it, I ain't playin'
Pull up in a van and hop out on a homeless man holdin' a sign sayin'
Vietnam Vet, I'm out my fuckin' mind, man
Kick over the can, beat his ass and leave him nine grand

So if I seem a little mean to you
This ain't savage, you ain't never seen a brute
You wanna get graphic, we can go the scenic route
You couldn't make a bulimic puke on a piece of fuckin' corn and peanut poop

Sayin' you sick, quit playin' you prick, don't nobody care
And why the fuck am I yellin' at air
I ain't even talkin' to no one 'cause ain't nobody there
Nobody'll fuckin' test me 'cause these ho's won't even dare

I'm wastin' punch lines but I got so many to spare
I just thought of another one that might go here
Naw, don't waste it, save it psycho, yeah
Plus you gotta rewrite those lines that you said about Michael's hair

You're on fire
That's how you know you're on a roll
'Cause when you're hot, it's like you're burning up, everyone else is cold
You're on fire
Man, I'm so, im so hot
My muthafuckin' fire truck's on fire, homie

You're on fire
You need to stop, drop and roll
'Cause when you say the shit to get the whole Hip-Hop Shop to blow
You're on fire, yeah, you're on fire
P!nk:
You can sound the alarm
You can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard
You can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no, I won't back down, oh no

Eminem:
Cadillac Sevilles Coup Devilles, brain dead rims yeah stupid wheels
Girl I'm too for real lose your tooth and nail
Try to fight it try to deny it stupid you will feel

What I do I do at will, shootin' from the hip, yeah boy, shoot to kill
Half a breath left, on my death bed
Screamin' F that, yeah super ill

Baby what the deal, we can chill, split a half a pill and a happy meal
Fuck a steak slut, I'll cut my toes off
And step on the receipt 'fore I foot the bill

Listen garden tool, don't make me introduce you to my power tool
You know the fuckin' drill
How you douchebags feel, knowin' you're disposable
Summer's Eve, Massengil

Shady's got that mass appeal, baby crank this shit 'cause it's your God damn jam
You say that you want your punch lines a little more compact, well shorty I'm that man
These other cats ain't metaphorically where I'm at, man
I gave Bruce Wayne a valium and said settle your fuckin' ass down
I'm ready for combat, man

Get it, calm batman, naw, ain't nobody whose as bomb and as
Nuts, lines are like mom's cat scans 'cause they fuckin' go bananas
Honey, I applaud that ass, swear to God man, these broads can't dance
Ma, show em how it's done, spaz like a goddamn Taz, yeah

P!nk:
You can sound the alarm
You can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard
You can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no, I won't back down, oh no

Eminem:
Girl shake that ass like a donkey with Parkinson's
Make like Michael J. Fox is in your drawers playin' with an etch-a-sketch
Bet ya that you'll never guess whose knockin' at your doors
People hit the floors, yeah tonight ladies you gon' get divorced
Girl forget remorse, I'ma hit you broads with Chris' force like you pissed him off

Talented with the tongue, mo'fucker you ain't got a lick in yours
Hittin' licks like I'm robbin' liquor stores, makin' cash registers shit their drawers
Think you spit the rawest, I'm an uncooked slab of beef layin' on your kitchen floor
Other words, I'm off the meat rack, bring the beat back, bring me two extension cords

I'ma measure my dick, shit I need six inches more, fuck, my dick's big
Bitch, need I remind you that I don't need the fuckin' swine flu to be a sick pig
You're addicted, I'm dope, I'm the longest needle around here, need a fix up
I'm the big shot, get it, dick snots, you're just small pokes, little pricks (ha)

Girl you think that other pricks hot, I'll drink gasoline and eat a lit match
'Fore I sit back and let him get hotter, better call the cops on him, quick-fast
Shady's right back on your bitch-ass, white trash with a half a six-pack
In his hatch back trailer hitch attached to the back (dispatch)

P!nk:
You can sound the alarm
You can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard
You can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no, I won't back down, oh no

Eminem:
Bitch, am I the reason that your boyfriend stopped rappin', does a bird chirp,flu
Does Lil Wayne slurp syrup till he burps and smoke purp, does a word search
Gettin' circles wrapped around it like you do when I come through, I'd like you to
Remind yourself of what the fuck I can do when I'm on the mic, girl, you're the kind of girl that I can take a likin' to

Psych, I'm spikin' you like a football, been this way since I stood a foot tall
You're a good catch with a shitty spouse, got a pretty mouth and a good jaw
Give me good brain, watch the wood grain, don't want no cum stain, bitch you listening
Tryin' to turn me down, slut I'm talkin' to you, turn me back up, are you insane?

Tryin' to talk over me in the car, shut the fuck up while my shit's playing
I'm a shit stain on the underwear of life, what's the saying, where there's thunder, there's lightning
And they say that it never stikes twice in the same place
Then how the fuck have I been hit six times in three different locations on four separate occasions

And you can bet your stinkin' ass that I've come to smash everything in my path
Fork was in the road, took the psycho path, poison ivy wouldn't have me thinkin' rash
So hit the dance floor, cutie, while I do my duty on this microphone, shake your booty
Shorty I'm the shit, why you think Proof used to call me Doody

P!nk:
You can sound the alarm
You can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard
You can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no, I won't back down, oh no
Yeah! Oh, get up! I said, get up! Let's go!

Better watch out now 'cause here we come
And we ain't stoppin' until we see the mornin' sun
So give us room to do our thing 'cause we ain't come to hurt no one
So everybody come and get up on the floor now and grab someone

Man first of all I'm a boss, I just wanna get that across
Man, even my dentist hates when I floss
Pull up to the club in a Pinto like it's a Porsche
Garbage bag for one of the windows, spray-painted doors

With the flames on 'em, Michigan plates and my name's on 'em
Baby, Shady's here, come and get him if you dames want him
But he ain't stupid so quit tryin' to run them games on him
He's immune to Cupid, why you tryin' to put your claims on him

'Cause you won't do to me what you did to the last man
Now climb in back, try not to kick over the gas can
There's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance
We have of just gettin' home, now can I get that lap dance

She's got a tattoo of me right above her ass, man
In the streets of Warren, Michigan, we call em tramp stamps
That means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps
Down and show this hussy who's the man, now get amped, dance

Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody
Ain't nuttin but a white trash party (white trash party)

So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks, it ain't no one but us trash
You don't know, ya better ask somebody
'Cause we're havin' a white trash party (white trash party)

Pull a 5th of Bacardi from out of my underwear
And walk around the party without a care like a body without a head
Lookin' like a zombie from Night of the Livin' Dead
And tomorrow probably still be too high to get out of bed

Till I feel like I've been hit with the sharp part of the hammer
Mixin' Hennessy and Fanta with Pepto and Mylanta
I shoot the gift like im hollerin', "Die Santa!"
Missed the tree and hit Rudolf and 2 innocent bystanders

So quit tryin' to play the Wall like you're Paul and
Get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin'
They call me the Stephon Marbury of rap darlin'
'Cause as soon as they throw on some R. Kelly, I start ballin'

Makin' it rain for the ladies in the Mini's
But im not throwin' ones, five, tens or even twenties
I'm throwin' quarters, nickels, dimes, pennies up at Skinny's
Man, I do this for them bunnies up at Denny's

From the north, east and west but when it comes to them trailers in them Southparks
Muffle it 'cause homie that hood's tighter than Kenny's
So ladies, if your belly button's not an innie then im outtie
Now hop in my mini-van, let's get rowdy, come on

Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody
Ain't nuttin but a white trash party (white trash party)

So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks, it ain't no one but us trash
You don't know, ya better ask somebody
'Cause we're havin' a white trash party (white trash party)

Now whether your black, white or purple, if you're misunderstood
But you don't give a fuck, you ain't doin' shit that you should
Long as you know your up to evil and your no damn good
Get on the floor, man and rep yo hood

Now, honey, don't let them pricks trip, we should make a quick dip
And go do some donuts in the hospital parkin' lot 'cause, girl, I got a sick whip
Kick the back window out of my Gremlin, put two milk crates in the trunk
Rip out the stick shift and make a five seater
I'll be damned if I feed a chick, it ain't like me to split a piece of dry pita
I be the S-L to the I-M to the S-H-A-D-Y and I don't need a tank top to be a wife beater

I'll rip a tree out the ground and flip it upside down
'Fore I turn over a new leaf, clown
I'll tell ya now, I'm so raw, I still need to un-thaw
You feel me y'all, I'll shut the club down like Drake in the mall

But, baby, a body like that's against the law
You the baddest little chain with the blades I ever saw
Coleslaw containers, empty straw wrappers and all
You got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car, now get up

Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody
Ain't nuttin but a white trash party (white trash party)

So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks, it ain't no one but us trash
You don't know, ya better ask somebody
'Cause we're havin' a white trash party (white trash party)
I'm going through changes
I'm going through changes

Lately I really, feel like, I'm rollin' for Delph like Philly
Feel like I'm losin' control of myself, I sincerely
Apologize if all that I sound like is I'm complainin'
But life keeps on complicatin'

And I'm debatin' on, leavin' this world this evenin'
Even my girls can see I'm grievin', I try and hide it
But I can't, why do I act like I'm all high and mighty
When inside I'm dyin', I am finally realizin' I need

Help, can't do it myself, too weak
Two weeks I've been havin' ups and downs, goin' through peaks
And valleys, dilly dallyin', 'round with the idea
Of endin' this shit right here

I'm hatin' my reflection, I walk around the house tryin' to fight in mirrors
I can't stand what I look like yeah
I look fat but what do I care, I give a fuck
Only thing I fear is Hailie, I'm afraid if I close my eyes then I might see her
Shit

I'm going through changes
I'm going through changes

I lock myself in the bedroom, bathroom, nappin' at noon
Yeah dad's in a bad mood, he's always snappin' at you
Marshall what happened that you can't stop with these pills
And you've fallen off with your skills and your own fans are laughin' at you

You've become a problem you're too pussy to tackle, get up
Be a man, stand, a real man would have had this shit handled
Know you just had your heart ripped out and crushed
They say Proof just flipped out, homie just whipped out and bust

Nah, it ain't like Doody to do that
He wouldn't fuckin' shoot at nobody, he'd fight first
But dwellin' on it only makes the night worse
Now I'm poppin' Vic's, Perc's and Methadone pills
Yeah Em, tight verse, you killed it

Fuckin' drug dealers hang around me like yes men
And they gon' do whatever I says when, I says it
It's in their best interest to protect their investment
And I just lost my fuckin', best friend, so fuck it I guess then

I'm going through changes
Don't know what I'm gonna do
But I just keep on going through changes
I'm going through changes

My friends just can't understand this new me
That's understandable man, but think how bananas you'd be
You'd be an animal too, if you were trapped in this fame and caged in it like a zoo
And everybody's lookin' at you, what you want me to do

I'm startin' to live like a recluse and the truth is
Fame's startin' to give me an excuse to be at a all time low
I sit alone in my home theater, watchin' the same damn DVD

Of the first tour, the last tour, he was still alive
And it hurt, so I fast forward, sleepin' pills will make me feel alright
And if I'm still awake in the middle of the night
I just take a couple more, yeah you're motherfuckin' right

I ain't slowin' down for no one, I am almost homeward bound
Almost in a coma, yeah homie come on dole 'em out
Daddy don't you die on me, daddy better hold your ground
Fuck, don't I know the sound of that voice, yeah baby hold me down

(Daddy)
I'm going through changes
(Daddy)
Don't know what I'm gonna do
But I just keep on going through changes
I'm going through changes

Wake up in the hospital, full of tubes, but somehow I'm pullin' through
Swear when I come back, I'ma be bulletproof
I'ma do it just for Proof, I think I should state a few
Facts, 'cause I may not get a chance again to say the truth

Shit, it just hit me that what if I would not have made it through
I think about the things I would never got to say to you
I'd never get to make it right, so here's what I came to do
Hailie this one is for you, Whitney and Alaina too

I still love your mother, that'll never change, think about her every day
We just could never get it together hey, wish there was a better way
For me to say it, but I swear on everything
I'd do anything for her, on any day

There are just too many things to explain, when it rains
Guess it pours, yes it does, wish there wasn't any pain
But I can't pretend there ain't, I ain't placin' any blame
I ain't pointin' fingers, heaven knows I never been a saint

I know that it feels like we just pissed away our history
And just today, I looked at your picture almost if to say
I miss you subconsciously, wish it didn't end this way
But I just had to get away, don't know why, I don't know what else to say

I guess I'm I'm going through changes
Don't know what I'm gonna do
But I just keep on going through changes
I'm going through changes
I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) (Yeah) to take a stand (to take a stand) (It's been a ride)
Everybody (I guess I had to) (everybody), come take my hand (Go to that place) (come take my hand) (To get to this one)
We'll walk this road together (Now some of you) through the storm
Whatever weather (Might still be in that place) cold or warm (If you're tryin to get out)
Just lettin' you know that, you're not alone (Just follow me)
Holla if you feel like (I'll get you there) you've been down the same road

You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper, before I lay 'em
But you won't take the sting out these words, before I say 'em
'Cause ain't no way I'ma let you stop me from causin' mayhem
When I say I'ma do somethin' I do it, I don't give a damn

What you think, I'm doin' this for me, so fuck the world feed it beans
It's gassed up, if it thinks it's stoppin' me
I'ma be what I set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly
And all those who looked down on me, I'm tearin' down your balcony

No if ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he
From Infinite down to the last Relapse album, he's still shittin'
Whether he's on salary, paid hourly
Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him

Whichever comes first, for better or worse
He's married to the game, like a "fuck you" for Christmas
His gift is a curse, forget the earth, he's got the urge
To pull his dick from the dirt and fuck the whole universe

I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) to take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody), come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin' you know that, you're not alone
Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road

OK quit playin' with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in a rhythm, for you to know it's a rap
You said you was king, you lied through your teeth, for that
Fuck your feelin's, instead of gettin' crowned you're gettin' capped

And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back
I promise to never go back on that promise, in fact
Let's be honest, that last Relapse CD was eh
Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground

Relax, I ain't goin' back to that now
All I'm tryna say is get back, click-clack-bloww
'Cause I ain't playin' around, there's a game called circle
And I don't know how, I'm way too up to back down

But I think I'm still tryin' to figure this crap out
Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't, this fuckin' black cloud
Still follows me around, but it's time to exorcise these demons
These motherfuckers are doin' jumpin' jacks now

I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) to take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody), come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin' you know that, you're not alone
Holla if you feel like, you've been down the same road

And I just can't keep livin' this way
So startin' today, I'm breakin' out of this cage
I'm standin' up, I'ma face my demons
I'm mannin' up, I'ma hold my ground
I've had enough, now I'm so fed up
Time to put my life back together right now

It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me
Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally for you
So I could come back a brand new me, you helped see me through
And don't even realize what you did, believe me you

I been through the ringer, but they can do little to the middle finger
I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of
My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers
And drop dead, no more beef flingers

No more drama from now on, I promise
To focus solely on handlin' my responsibilities as a father
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof, like my daughters and raise it
You couldn't lift a single shingle on it

'Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club
Or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up
'Cause I'm raisin' the bar, I shoot for the moon
But I'm too busy gazin' at stars, I feel amazin' and I'm not

I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) to take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody), come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin' you know that, you're not alone
Holla if you feel like, you've been down the same road
Spoken:
I don't know, man. Just feels like, we're a lot different.
Kinda feels like, I'm on a hole different page, right now.
Feels strange, but um, I guess it's kinda like, it's kinda like...

I feel like I'm morphin'
Into somethin' that's so incredible that I'm dwarfin'
All competitors, better get your girlfriend in check
It's psychological warfare, endorphins I effect

Your self-esteem shatters as dialect, comes blastin' out your deck
She loves me, so much passion you'd expect
This sort of reaction from her yet
You strong arm, you're fuckin' corny, you try to turn your charm on
'Cause you just think you're Bishop The Don Juan

But if you think that you're fuckin' with me, homie, you're on one
I'm cockin' my head back like Ed Lover, come on son
She's on my Johnson, she brings my name up constant
Your boys are like she's fuckin' with dude, she wants son

Homeboy you better get a clue
She's on my dick 'cause I spit better than you
What you expect her to do, how you expect her to act in the sack
When she's closin' her eyes
Fantasizin' of diggin' her nails in my back to this track

Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody whose as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you

Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody whose as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you

She's sittin' here gettin' liquored up at the bar
She says it's quicker to count the things that ain't wrong with you than to count the things that are
There's a seven disc CD changer in her car
And I'm in every single slot and your not, aww

I'm the logo on that Dallas Cowboy helmet, a star
And I'm not about to sit back and just keep rhymin' one syllable, naw
Switch it up and watch them haters not give it up
'Cause they're just not good enough but I'm not givin' up, till I get my respect

And I won't stop till I get enough 'cause I'm not livin' up to my own expectations
Aww, that hater alarm is soundin' off, man, Obama took the bomb from my name, aww
So quit cryin' that I took your dame homie, she's my dame, aww
You sadly mistaken if you're thinkin' that I'm not on my game, boy

And things just ain't been the same since the day that I came forth
You wear your heart on your sleeve, I sport that white tank boy
But you got a hard on for me, what you hollerin' my name for
It's your bitch on my dick, ain't my dang fault, man, I can't call it

Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody whose as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you

Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody whose as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you

It's like we're playin' lyrical tug-of-war with your ear, you hear it, girl come here
Put your ear up to the speaker, dear, while I freak this world premier
Seducin' her, loosen up with a little freestyle, that'll wait, am I losin' ya
Am I makin' you look bad, well I got news for ya, homie you're losin' her

Oh wait, you don't like when I spit it fast, am I tryin' to show out, let me slow it down some
It's still gonna be a blow out, you're gonna wanna throw out your whole album
Rummage through the shit and try to salvage somethin' to see
If you can save any of it punk but none of it's fuckin' with me

Prick, you really feelin' that bullshit, you think you killin' them syllables
Quit playin', these beats ain't nuttin to fool with
They call me Fire Marshall, I shut this shit down
Your entire arsenal is not enough to fuck with one round

I am also the opposite of what you are like
You're a microcosm of what the fuck I am on the mic
I am awesome and you are just awe struck, she's love stricken
She's got her jaw struck from suckin' my dick, aww fuck

Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody whose as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you

Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody whose as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you
Lil Wayne
Throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower
But it's Fuck the world, get a child out her
Yeah my life a bitch, but you know nothin' bout her
Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers

I'm rollin' Sweets, I'm smokin' sour
Married to the game, but she broke her vows
That's why my bars are full of broken bottles
And my night stands are full of open Bibles, uh

I think about more than I forget
But I don't go around fire, expectin' not to sweat
And these niggas know I lay 'em down, make your bed
Bitches try to kick me while I'm down, I'll break your leg

Money outweighin', problems on the triple beam
I'm stickin' to the script, you nigga's skippin' scenes
Uh, be good or be good at it
Fuckin' right I've got my gun, semi-Cartermatic

Yeah, put the dick in they mouth, so I guess it's fuck what they say
I'm high as a bitch, up up and away, man I come down in a couple of days
Okay, you want me up in the cage, then I'll come out in beast mode
I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the G-code

It's Weezy motherfucker, Blood gang and I'm in bleed mode
All about my dough, but I don't even check the peephole
So you can keep knockin', but won't knock me down
No love lost, no love found

Eminem
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now

Lil Wayne
Yeah

Eminem
You kicked me when I was down, fuck what you say just don't
(Don't hurt me)

Lil Wayne
That's right (Don't hurt me)
I don't need you (No more)
Don't want to see you (No more)
Huh

Eminem
Bitch you get no (No love)

You showed me nothing but hate, you ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around (Yeah)
And I don't need you (Don't hurt me)

Lil Wayne
That's right (You don't hurt me) And I don't need you (No more) Don't want to see you (No more)

Eminem
Hah, bitch you get
(No love, no love, no love, no love)
Hah, bitch you get
(No love, no love, no love)

Lil Wayne
And I don't need you (No more)
Get 'em

Eminem
I'm alive again, more alive than I have been in my whole entire life I can
See these people's ears perk up as I begin to spaz with the pen
I'm a little bit sicker than most, shit's fi'in to get thick again
They say the competition is stiff, but I get a hard dick from this shit, now stick it in

I ain't never givin' in again, caution to the wind, complete freedom
Look at these rappers how I treat 'em, so why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em?
They call me a freak 'cause I like to spit on these pussies 'fore I eat 'em
Man get these whack cocksuckers off stage, where the fuck is Kanye when you need him?

Snatch the mic from 'em, bitch I'ma let you finish in a minute, yeah that rap is tight but I'm
'Bout to spit the greatest verse of all time, so you might want to go back to the lab tonight and um
Scribble out them rhymes you were going to spit, and start over from scratch and write new ones
But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference, when I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight

It's an adrenaline rush, you feel the bass thump in the place all the way to the parking lot fellow
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd, you can see the sparks from hot metal
Cold-hearted from the day I bogarted the game, my soul started to rot fellow
When I'm not even in my harshest, you can still get roasted 'cause Marsh is not mellow

Till I'm toppling from the top I'm not going to stop, I'm standing on my Monopoly board
That means I'm on top of my game and it don't stop, till my hip don't hop anymore
When you're so good that you can't say it, 'cause it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore
People just get sick 'cause you spit, these fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore

And you can never break my stride, you never slow the momentum at any moment
I'm 'bout to blow, you'll never take my pride, I'm killin' the flow, slow venom any opponent
Is getting no mercy, mark my words ain't letting up relentless, I smell blood
I don't give a fuck, keep giving 'em hell, where was you when I fell and needed help up? You get no love

Eminem
It's a little too late, to say that you're sorry now

Lil Wayne
(Yeah)

Eminem
You kicked me when I was down, fuck what you say just don't
(Don't hurt me)

Lil Wayne
That's right (Don't hurt me)
And I don't need you (No more)
Don't want to see you (No more)
Huh

Eminem
Bitch you get no (No love)

You showed me nothing but hate, you ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around (Yeah)
And I don't need you (Don't hurt me)

Lil Wayne
That's right (You don't hurt me)
And I don't need you (No more)
Don't want to see you (No more)

Eminem
Hah, bitch you get
(No love, no love, no love, no love)
Hah, bitch you get
(No love, no love, no love)

Lil Wayne
And I don't need you (No more)

Eminem
Bitch you get no (Love, love)
We touch, I feel a rush, we clutch it isn't much
But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us
It's lust, it's torturous, you must be a sorceress
'Cause you just did the impossible, gained my trust

Don't play games it'll be dangerous, if you fuck me over
'Cause if I get burnt, I'ma show ya what it's like to hurt
'Cause I've been treated like dirt before ya
And love is evil, spell it backwards I'll show ya

Nobody knows me I'm cold, walk down this road all alone
It's no one's fault but my own, it's the path I've chosen to go
Frozen as snow, I show no emotion whatsoever, so
Don't ask me why I have no love for these mo'fuckin' hoes

Blood sucking succubuses, what the fuck is up with this
I've tried in this department, but I ain't had no luck with this
It sucks, but it's exactly what I thought it would be
Like trying to start over

I got a hole in my heart, like some kind of emotional roller coaster
Something I won't go on, so you toy with my emotions ho it's over
It's like an explosion every time I hold ya, wasn't joking when I told ya
You take my breath away, you're a supernova and I'm a

I'm a space-bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you, right at you
250,000 miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aiming right at you, right at you, right at you

I'll do whatever it takes, when I'm with you I get the shakes
My body aches when I ain't, with you I have zero strength
There's no limit on how far I would go, no boundaries, no lengths
Why do we say that until we get that person that we think's

Gonna be that one and then once we get 'em, it's never the same
You want 'em when they don't want you, soon as they do feelings change
It's not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate
I wasn't looking when I stumbled on to you, must have been fate

But so much is at stake, what the fuck does it take
Let's cut to the chase, 'fore the door shuts in your face
Promise me, if I cave in and break and leave myself open
That I won't be making a mistake, 'cause I'm a

I'm a space-bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you, right at you
250,000 miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aiming right at you, right at you, right at you

So after a year and six months, it's no longer me that you want
But I love you so much it hurts, never mistreated you once
I poured my heart out to you, let down my guard, swear to God
I'll blow my brains in your lap, lay here and die in your arms

Drop to my knees and I'm pleading, I'm trying to stop you from leaving
You won't even listen so fuck it, I'm trying to stop you from breathing
I put both hands on your throat, I sit on top of you squeezing
Till I snap your neck like a Popsicle stick

Ain't no possible reason I could think of
To let you walk up out this house and let you live
Tears streamed down both of my cheeks, then I let you go and just give
And 'fore I put that gun to my temple, I told you this

And I would've did anything for you
To show you how much I adored you
But it's over now, it's too late to save our love
Just promise me you'll think of me
Every time you look up in the sky and see a star, 'cause I'm a

I'm a space-bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you, right at you
250,000 miles on a clear night in June
And I'm so lost without you, without you, without you
You know technically, I'm not even supposed to be here right now
So fuck it
Some of us don't get a second chance

Who can catch lightnin' in a bottle, set fire to water
Comin' out the nozzle on a fire hose, flyer than swatters
(Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man)
Smash an hourglass, grab the sand, take his hands and cup 'em
Spit a rhyme to freeze the clock; take the hands of time and cuff 'em
(Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man)

There's a storm comin' that the weatherman couldn't predict
I start the bug prick, you better flea 'cause I get ticked
It's a wrap; I was down, when I was down I was kicked
I got up, I'm back to punch you to the ground, you're tricked

It's a trap; fuck my last CD, that shit's in my trash
I'll be goddamned if another rapper gets in my ass
I hit the gas and I spit every rap as if it's my last
You can die in the blink of an eye, so bat your eyelashes

And keep winkin' and blowin' kisses 'cause you're flirtin' with death
I'm destroyin' your livelihood, I ain't just hurtin' your rep
I catch a flow and get goin'; no remorse I'm showin', ain't slowin' for no one
Knowin' there's nothin' you can do about it

Zeroin' on my target like a marksman, the target is you
I shut your lane down, took your spot; parked in it, too
Arsenic flow, lighter fluid, saliva&#x2014;what can you do?
Go get your crew to hype you up; stand behind you like, wooh

That boy's hot enough to melt hell, burn Satan, too
Fry his ass and put his ashes back together with glue
So you can hate him, he don't blame you; frankly, he would, too
This game could ill-afford to lose him; how 'bout you?

Now guess who (hey), here's a clue (hey)
He came to the ball in his wife beater, lost his Nike shoe
It's in your ass (hey), he's in your ass; he's all up in your psyche, too (hey)
Now, what's his name?

Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man
Cinderella-Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, hey hey

If I had a time machine, I'd be
Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man

Music is my time machine so call me
Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man

Fuck catchin' lightnin'; he struck it; screamed "Shut up" at thunder
Then flipped the world upside down and made it rain upward
(Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man)
Rewound the future to the present, paused it, don't ask how
Fuck the past, motherfucker; he's the shit right how
He's (Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man)

Cinderella man, Cinder-fella, Shady Dane
Came to wrap the game up in cellophane, raise hell; from hell he came
But didn't come to bore ya with the Cinderella story
Nor did he come to do the same ol'; can't afford to be a lame-o

In this day and age and at this stage of the game
Mediocrity can no longer be allowed to fly
So say bye to the old, H-I to the new, Que Sera
Consider it his last hurrah, the coup de grace; raise 'em high

In the sky, keep 'em out, time to bring the place alive
Thanks for bein' patient; I won't make no more mistakes, shit
My potatoes baked homie, the veggies on my plate can fly
My filet is smokin' weed; yeah, faggot, the stakes are high

Shit, I ain't even s'pposed to be here by the grace of God
The skin on my teeth and a hair on my nuts, I skated by
Now y'all are on thin ice with ankle weights, I'd hate to lie
How fuckin' irritated are you, how much in your face am I?

And ain't shit you can do but fear it; Proof is here in spirit
And I'm his spittin' image; I mirror it when I stand near it
Your pussy lyric, I cunt hear it
Who forms pyramids and raps circles around square lyricists?

Who (hey), here's a clue (hey)
He came to the ball in his wife beater, lost his Nike shoe
It's in your ass (hey), he's in your ass; he's all up in your psyche, too (hey)
Now, what's his name?

Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man
Cinderella-Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, hey hey

If I had a time machine, I'd be
Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man

Music is my time machine so call me
Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, 25 to life
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, 25 to life

Yeah, too late
I can't keep, chasing you
I'm taking my life back
Caught in a chase, 25 to life

I don't think she understands, the sacrifices that I've made
Maybe if this bitch had acted right, I would have stayed
But I've already wasted over half my life, I would have laid
Down and died for you, I no longer cry for you, no more pain

Bitch you, took me for granted took my heart and ran it
Straight into the planet, into the dirt I can no longer stand it
Now my respect I demand it, I'ma take control of this relationship command it
And I'ma be the boss of you now goddammit

And what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me
So you better hear me out, this much you owe me
I gave up my life for you, totally devoted to you I have stayed
Faithful all the way, this is how I fuckin' get repaid

Look at how I dress, fuckin' baggy sweats, go to work a mess
Always in a rush to get back to you, I ain't heard you yet
Not even once say you appreciate me, I deserve respect
I've done my best to give you nothin' less than perfectness

And I know that if I end this, I'll no longer have nothin' left
But you keep treatin' me like a staircase, it's time to fuckin' step
And I won't be comin' back, so don't hold your fuckin' breath
You know what you've done, no need to go in depth

I told you'd be sorry if I fuckin' left, I'd laugh while you wept
How's it feel now, yeah funny ain't it
You neglected me, did me a favor though my spirit free you've set
But a special place for you, in my heart I have kept, it's unfortunate but it's

Too late for the other side (yeah)
Caught in a chase, 25 to life (can't take no more, can't take no more)
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, 25 to life

I feel like when I bend over  (too late) backwards for you, all you do is laugh
'Cause that ain't good enough, you expect me to fold myself in half
Till I snap, don't think I'm loyal, all I do is rap
How can I moonlight on the side, I have no life outside of that

Don't I give you enough of my time, you don't think so do you
Jealous when I spend time with the girls, why I'm married to you
Still man I don't know, but tonight I'm serving you with papers
I'm divorcin' you, go marry someone else and make 'em famous

And take away their freedom, like you did to me, treat 'em
Like you don't need 'em and they ain't worthy of you, feed 'em
The same shit that you made me eat, I'm movin' on forget you
Oh, now I'm special, I ain't feel special when I was with you

All I ever felt was dissed, helplessness, imprisoned by a selfish bitch
Chew me up and spit me out, I fell for this so many times, it's ridiculous
And still I stick with this, I'm sick of this
But in my sickness and addiction, you're addictive as they get

Evil as they come, vindictive as they make 'em
My friends keep askin' me, why I can't just walk away from 'em
I'm addicted to the pain the stress the drama, I'm drawn to shit
I guess I'm a mess, cursed and blessed

But this time I ain't changin' my mind, I'm climbin' out this abyss
You're screamin' as I walk out that I'll be missed
But when you spoke of people who meant the most to you, you left me off your list
Fuck you hip-hop, I'm leaving you, my life sentence is served bitch

And it's just
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, 25 to life (I'm gone man)
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, 25 to life

Too late
Caught in a chase, 25 to life
Spoken
Yeah, haha, you feel that baby?
Yeah I feel it too, damn.
You know, I'm so glad we could spend this time together.
See, I'm not as crazy as you thought I was, am I?

I'm the American dream, I'm the definition of white trash ballin'
I'm right back on 'em with the *rchick-rchick-chicka-chick*
I can't call it, same shit different toilet
Oh ya, got a nice ass darlin'

Can't wait to get you into my Benz, take you for a spin
What you mean we ain't fuckin', you take me for a friend
Lemme tell you the whole story of Shady's origin
You'll be sorry, if you slam my Mercedes door again

Now, it all started with my father
I musta got my pimpin' genes from him, the way he left my mama
I'm a rollin' stone just like him, word to Johnny Drama
Keep my entourage wit me, baby I make a promise

There ain't nobody as bomb as me, I'm calm as the breeze
I'm the bee's knees, his legs and his arms
I'm a superstar girl, I'm ready for you mama
Why you think the only thing I got on is my pajamas

So bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you've ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna want to fuck nobody else again

So bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you've ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna want to fuck nobody else again

I'm equivalent to a shot of Cuervo, first I kiss your navel
Work my way down, baby you can lay down on the table
But you may want to find something more stable
I told you I ain't foolin from the gate, this ain't the first day of April

But thank you for staying April, I'ma make you
Learn to appreciate me, differentiate me
From these phony little fishy and sissy fake G's
Skip over the huggie bear and all the kissy face please

Initiate phase three, missy now service me
Take another shot of Jager, shake it so nervously
Take your time baby, ooh you're the bomb baby
Ooh you're doing that even better than your mom lady

I told you I'm shady, you didn't listen now did ya
Relax woman, you know that I'm only kiddin' with ya
Got a twisted sense of humor, it's warped but I didn't hit ya
I think you're finally startin' to get the picture, I'm just

So bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you've ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna want to fuck nobody else again

So bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you've ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna want to fuck nobody else again

*Chicka-chicka*
Call me dynamite, ohh ohh
*Chicka-chicka*
Dynamite, ohh ohh
*Chicka-chicka*
Dynamite, ohh ohh
So
*Chicka-chicka*
Call me dynamite, ohh ohh
*Chicka-chicka*
Dynamite, ohh ohh
*Chicka-chicka*
Dynamite, ohh ohh
So

*Chicka-chicka*
I can hold you in the mornin'
But in the evenin' I gotta go
*Chicka-chicka*
'Cause I'm on to the next girl
And the next girl I kinda like, oh oh oh

I got you caught up in the rapture, make you recapture
The feelings you had for your last boyfriend before he slapped ya
You never wanted someone so bad you're sweatin'
But if I'm what you wanted, why'd you panic when I grabbed ya

Girl don't be so frantic, I'm just a hopeless romantic
Don't try to fight the feelin' of something that's so organic
You can't ignore it, so don't, just stand before it
Just drop them panties to the floor, let's get the cam 'cordin', damn shortie

I told you this is bound to happen
Soon as you wrote your number on a napkin
I was bound to work a number on your back and throw your spine out of alignment
My love has got you so blinded, you couldn't pick Amy Winehouse out of a lineup

So stop at the store and pick a pint up
Let's get the Pineapple Schnapps goin', no one will knock 'cause I'ma hang a sign up
Sayin' don't disturb, shorty I'm so superb
I say the right things, don't I spit the dopest words

So bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you've ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna want to fuck nobody else again

So bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you've ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna want to fuck nobody else again

*Chicka-chicka*
Call me dynamite, ohh ohh
*Chicka-chicka*
Dynamite, ohh ohh
*Chicka-chicka*
Dynamite, ohh ohh
So
*Chicka-chicka*
Call me dynamite, ohh ohh
*Chicka-chicka*
Dynamite, ohh ohh
*Chicka-chicka*
Dynamite, ohh ohh
So

*Chicka-chicka*
I can hold you in the mornin'
But in the evenin' I gotta go
*Chicka-chicka*
'Cause I'm on to the next girl
And the next girl I kinda like, oh oh oh

So bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you've ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna want to fuck nobody else again

Spoken Outro
Ha
Dr. Dre
2010
Lightyears ahead o' you
Haha
Woo!
Yeah, can't stop now
Maybe the last chance I get

You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces
You cannot fill these shoes, there is too much to lose
Wake up behind these trenches, you run around defenseless
There is too much to lose, you can not fill these shoes

I just wanna be famous but
Be careful what you wish for

I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist, they call me Slim Roethlisberger
I go berserker than a fed up post office worker
A murker wit a Mossberg, I'm pissed off, get murdered
Like someone took a ketchup squirter, squirted a frankfurter

For a gangster ya sure did shit your pants when you saw
That chainsaw get to waivin' like a terrible towel
How things turn around when his fangs come out, get your brains blown out
That's what I call blowin' your mind, when I cum back like nut on your spine
I'm the thumb tack that you slept on, son
Now here I come screamin' 'a tac' like I just stepped on one

Low on the totem till he showed em defiance, giant scrotum
He don't owe them bitches shit, his britches, he out-growed 'em
He's so out cold he's knocked out at the South Pole
And nobody fucks with him, rigor mortis and post mortem

He's dyin' of boredom, take your best rhymes, record 'em
To try and thwart em, he'll just take your punch lines and snort 'em
Shit stained drawers, you gon' fuck wit a guy who licks the blades of his chainsaws
While he dips em in P.F. Chang sauce

Games off homie, hang it up like some crank calls
You think im backin' down, you must be out of your dang skulls
I'm almost famous

You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces
You can not fill these shoes, there is too much to lose
Wake up behind these trenches, you run around defenseless
There is too much to lose, you can not fill these shoes

I just wanna be famous but
Be careful what you wish for

I'm back for revenge, I lost the battle, that ain't happenin' again
I'm at your throat like strep, I step, strapped with a pen
Metaphors wrote on my hand, some are just stored in my memory
Some are wrote on a napkin, I do what I have to to win

Pullin' out all stops, any who touch a mic prior's
Not even Austin Powers, how the fuck are they Mike Myers
And tell that psycho to pass the torch to the wacko
'Fore I take a shit in his jack-o-lantern and smash it on his porch

Now get off my dick, dick's too short of a word for my dick
Get off my anti-disestablishment-arianism, you prick
Don't call me the champ, call me the space shuttle destroyer
I just blew up the Challenger, matter fact I need a lawyer

I just laced my gloves wit enough plaster to make a cast
Beat his ass naked and peed in his corner like Vern Troyer
Y'all are Eminem backwards, your Meni Me's
See he's in a whole 'nother weight class, he's slugs, you're bb's

You're bean bag bullets, you're full of it, you were dissin' his CD's
Laughed at Infinite, now he's back like someone pissed in his Wheaties
No peace treaties, he's turned into a beast
His new Slim Shady EP's got the attention of the mighty D-R-E
He's almost famous

You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces
You can not fill these shoes, there is too much to lose
Wake up behind these trenches, you run around defenseless
There is too much to lose, you can not fill these shoes

I just wanna be famous but
Be careful what you wish for

Now there he goes in Dre's studio cuppin' his balls
Screamin' the wood off the panelin', cussin' the paint off the walls
Spewin' his hate to these haters, showin' no love for these broads
He ain't givin' 'em shit, he says he'll pinch a penny so hard

He'll leave a bruise on the bronze so dark you can see the mark when it scars
Till Abraham Lincoln is screamin' out awww
His metaphors and similes ain't similar to them, not at all
If they don't like it, they can all get fucked instead of suckin' him off

They can go get a belt or a necktie to hang themselves by
Like David Carradine, they can go fuck themselves and just die
And eat shit while they're at it, he's fuckin' had it, he's mad at the whole world
So go to Hell and build a snowman, girl

The bully's become bullied, if pussies get pushed then they better pull me
Take me back to ninth grade to school me
'Cause I ain't lookin' back, only forward, this whole spot, blow it
Who could have known he'd grow to be a poet and not know it

And while im being poetic, let me get historic
And raise the bar, higher than my opinion of these women's been lowered
So bare witness to some biblical shit, there's a cold wind blowin'
This world ain't gonna know what hit it, he did it, he made it
He's finally famous
Rihanna:
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

Eminem:
I can't tell you what it really is, I can only tell you what it feels like
And right now there's a steel knife in my windpipe
I can't breathe but I still fight, while I can fight
As long as the wrong feels right it's like I'm in flight

High off her love, drunk from her hate, it's like I'm huffin' paint
And I love her the more I suffer, I suffocate
And right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates
Me, she fucking hates me and I love it, wait

Where you going, I'm leaving you, no you ain't
Come back, we're running right back here we go again
It's so insane, 'cause when it's going good it's going great
I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane

But when it's bad it's awful, I feel so ashamed
I snapped "who's that dude?", I don't even know his name
I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again
I guess I don't know my own strength

Rihanna:
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

Eminem:
You ever love somebody so much, you can barely breathe when you're with 'em
You meet and neither one of you even know what hit 'em
Got that warm fuzzy feelin', yeah them chills used to get 'em
Now you're gettin' fuckin' sick of lookin' at 'em

You'd swore you'd never hit 'em, never do nothing to hurt 'em
Now you're in each others' face, spewing venom in your words when you spit 'em
You push pull each others' hair, scratch claw bit 'em
Throw 'em down pin 'em, so lost in them moments when you're in 'em

It's the rage that took over, it controls ya both
So they say you're best to go your separate ways, guess that they don't know ya
'Cause today, that was yesterday, yesterday is over
It's a different day, sound like broken records playin' over

But you promised her, next time you'll show restraint
You don't get another chance, life is no Nintendo game
But you lied again, now you get to watch her leave out the window
Guess that's why they call it window pane

Rihanna:
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

Eminem:
Now I know we said things, did things, that we didn't mean
Then we fall back into the same patterns, same routine
But your temper's just as bad as mine is, you're the same as me
But when it comes to love, you're just as blinded, baby please

Come back, it wasn't you, baby it was me
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
All I know is I love you too much to walk away though

Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk
Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk
Told you this is my fault, look me in the eyeball
Next time I'm pissed, I'll aim my fist at the dry wall

Next time, there will be no next time, I apologize
Even though I know it's lies, I'm tired of the games
I just want her back, I know I'm a liar
If she ever tries to fuckin' leave again, I'ma tie her to the bed and set this house on fire

Rihanna:
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
The days are cold livin' without you
The nights are long, im growin' older
I miss the days of old, thinkin' about you
You may be gone but you're never over

If Proof could see me now, I know he'd be proud
Somewhere in me deep down, there's somethin' in me he found
That made him believe in me, now no one can beat me now
You try, it'll be them doors, on Dre's phantom, believe me clowns

That means suicide homie
You'll never throw me off of this course, blow me
Bitch, I do this all for the sport only
But I want it all, I'm not just talkin' awards homie

And the balls in my court and it's lonely on top of the world
When you're the only one with the balls in your shorts
To leave their jaws on the floors with no remorse
Remember that when they get to doggin' your boy, homie
So y'all can just get to bloggin' about bologna
I'm not gonna stop, the saga continues, no stoppin' the force, Obi

I'm moppin' the floors with em, I keep tryin' to pass it
But they keep on droppin' the torch
And it won't be long till this sport is O-V-E-R
Just Blaze and me, we are knockin' on doors
And no we ain't pumpkins on Halloween
But we'll show up on your porch

So be careful what you say, there ain't no punks over here so follow me
Through the fog like im S-N-Double O-P, let me guide you through the smoke, G
If only I wasn't travelin' down this road by my lonely
No one who knew me like you will ever know me
I don't think you understand how much you meant to me

The days are cold livin' without you
The nights are long, im growin' older
I miss the days of old, thinkin' about you
You may be gone but you're never over

And it don't stop, ohhh
And it don't quit, ohhh
And it don't stop, ohhh
And it don't quit, ohhh

And I miss you, ohhh
I just miss you, ohhh
I just miss you, ohhh
And homie I'll never forget you, nooo

For you, I wanna write the sickest rhyme of my life
So sick it'll blow up the mic, it'll put the dyna in mite
Yeah, it'll make the dopest MC wanna jump off a bridge and shit hisself
Tap dancin' all over the beat, it'll jump off the page and spit itself

Guess that's the best thing I can do right now, Doody for you is to rep
So im gonna fuck till I die, yeah I'ma do it to death
And instead of mournin' your death, I'd rather celebrate your life
Elevate to new heights, step on the gas and accelerate, I'ma need two mic's

'Cause the way I'm feelin' tonight, everything I can just do right
There's nothin' that I could do wrong, I'm too strong and im just too hype
Just finish the rhyme and bust it
Excuse the corny metaphor but they'll never ketchup to all this energy that I've mustard

So God just help me out while I fight through this grievin' process
Tryin' to process this loss is makin' me nauseous
But this depression ain't takin' me hostage
I've been patiently watchin' this game
Pacin' these hallways, you had faith in me always

Proof you knew I'd come out of this slump, rise from these ashes
Come right back on they asses and go Mike Tyson on these bastards
And I'ma show em, blow em out the water, slaughter 'em homes
I'ma own so many belts, only place they can hit me is below 'em

Homie I know im never gonna be the same without you
I never would have came in this game, I'm goin' insane without you
Matter fact, it was just the other night, had another dream about you
You told me to get up, I got up, I spread my wings and I flew

You gave me a reason to fight, I was on my way to see you
You told me "naw Doody you're not", layin' on that table, I knew
I was gonna make it, soon as you said "think of Hailie", I knew
There wasn't no way that I was ever gonna leave them babies and Proof

Not many are lucky enough to have a guardian angel like you
Lord, im so thankful, please don't think that I don't feel grateful, I do
Just grant me the strength that I need for one more day to get through
So homie, this is your song, I dedicate this to you, I love you Doody

The days are cold livin' without you
The nights are long, im growin' older
I miss the days of old, thinkin' about you
You may be gone but you're never over

And it don't stop, ohhh
And it don't quit, ohhh
And it don't stop, ohhh
And it don't quit, ohhh

And I miss you, ohhh
I just miss you, ohhh
I just miss you, ohhh
And homie I'll never forget you, nooo
Singing with Spoken 
(You don't own me, don't try to change me)
Nah man, not quite finished yet.

Girl I think you just mighta tried to pull a mo'fuckin' fast one I'm mad
You just hurt my goddamn feeling and that was the last one I had
Does this look like an arcade, tryin' to play games, see this saw blade
See the silhouette of a stalker in your walkway, better cooperate

Or get sauteed and rotisseried, while you're hog-tied
MC's get so quiet, you can hear a mo'fuckin' dog whistle when I walk by
Colt Seavers on a mule, stuntin' on that ass like the fuckin' Fall Guy
I don't gas my Mercedes after midnight, I treat it like a mogwai

'Cause it will turn into a gremlin and run over kids women and men
Vnnn-vnnn motor's so big, you can fit a midget in his engine
Bitch, give me them digits, why you cringin', not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin
Will I spend spend even ten cents on you since when

Do you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny
Shit, if I think a penny's pretty, just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me
Eenie-meenie-miney-mo, catch an Eskimo by his toe, while he's trying to roll a snowball
But don't make him lose his cool, if he hollers better let him go ya'll

'Cause...
(You don't own me, don't try to change me)
Now here we go, go, go

Get up baby get a move on, like a U-Haul, you can rack your brain like pool balls
You won't ever think of this shit, yeah honey you called?
Well here I come, Havoc on the beat, I wreak it, evil I see hear and speak it
Lady put your money on Shady, fuck that other weak shit

Put your eggs in the same basket, you can count every mo'fuckin' chicken 'fore it hatches
'Cause, you can bet your ass that we gon' get it crackin'
Like the Kraken and Titans when they're clashin', get your brains bashed in
So bad you gon' have Kurt Cobain askin' to autograph a bloodstained napkin

Unfashionable and 'bout as rational as a rash on a fag's asshole
Now let's take that line run it up the flag pole with Elton
See if he's cool with it, don't stand there and look stupid at
Me bitch, I ain't in the mood for this shit, get my dick, Google it

Till it pops up, ya'll are so motherfuckin' full of shit that you've stopped up
Me, I'm always shittin' diarrhea of the mouth, till your speakers crap out, *fart* Ohp what
Girl you got a hot butt like a lit cigarette, "Chik-Chigarette"
But you won't get a hot fudge Sundae from me, so do not strut my way slut

Because...
(You don't own me, don't try to change me)
Now here we go, go, go

And now that I got your panties in a bunch, and your bowels in an uproar
I'ma show you why I came, so you stop askin' me what the fuck for
Now look you little slut cunt whore, I know you want more
Bitch it's time to put the math back in the Mathers, 'cause I'm a fuckin' problem, run boy

Every flow got it mastered, so every last word that you fuckin' fags heard
Comes straight from the fishes ass, yeah in other words I'm a bass-turd
Lookin' at me like I killed Kenny, gas in the tank yeah still plenty
No morals are instilled in me, so remorse I really don't feel any

Eat your heart out Hannibal, understandable why you're jealous, fuck an animal
I got cannibal magnetism, can't resist him now, can ya ho?
Shady I don't understand your flow, understand my flow, bitch I flow like Troy
Polamalu's hair boy, don't you dare try to follow or compare boy

I'm raw, you ain't even medium rare, stay the fuck outta my hair boy
You can look, you can stare point, but you can't touch, I'm too clairvoyant
I don't get it man is there a void, all this weak shit, what am I steroids
Well bitch I'm back, with some shit for that ass, and your trunk, elephant hemorrhoids

And remember boys...
(You don't own me, don't try to change me)
Now here we go, go, go

Spoken
Thank you for coming out
Hope you enjoyed the show
Till next time
Haha
Peace
Aw man, yeah
You ever be in the club man, you get in a fight
And people that you don't even know jump in?

You feel like you wanna hit something, your fist clenches, your pissed
You just wanna get someone with shit, jump on this
You're bout to get your shit pushed in, I'm just inches away
I'm splitting your shit wide open, no stitches could save
So die with your eyes open, you hope this isn't the way
You end up going out, but I guess it just is I'm afraid
Razors, scissors and blades make Jason say isn't this great
On-lookers participate in this ass-kicking debate
They're starting to take place in the middle of the street
Little did you know there'd be an all-out brawl soon as you heard this beat
Emergency personnel rush to the murder scene, but it's too late It's absolute pandemonium, whisked away
In a ambulance is your fate, nothing nobody told you when you- Left your house today coulda made you anticipate
Such an ass whooping, okay, till the anger dissipates
You get punched in the face, reciprocate

 So what the deal, ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a-mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches
I said...

You step in the place with enough misplaced anger to catch a case
Anxious to get in some shit, got your gangstas all with your ladies
You better go get your mace 'cause shady said so You may wanna pick up the radio and bang it against your face
That's how fucking rowdy you feel, now do you still wanna grill?
If you don't wanna get the shit beat outta you, chill
'Cause if you doubt me you will, yeah got me a pill, found me a thrill
I got a couple of drinks here and I'm bound to refill
Girl howdy, how do you feel ma?
This cocksucker did not spill my drink, Oh HELL no He must be tryna kill my buzz, I will not budge
And what the deal ridaz?
Now here they all come and they got your back in like 2 seconds flat
That's probably a record yeah, you wasn't expecting that
'Cause they want in on the act, there's a cognac- Bottle, we snuck it in 'cause the beer that they were serving here was only tap
I'm biting, I fight dirty, you might get kicked in the nuts
You're frightened like this guy might hurt me You're quite certain he's nuts, I've hit myself in the face harder
Play smarter, you may start a rumble you need a chainsaw to
Dig your way out of, go powder your nose- Pussy the harder you yell, the harder I slap the shit out of you hoes
You set it off faggot, so now how do you spose- We settle it, hit me in the nose, we'll see how it goes

It's shear hustle, I bob, weave, deflate your beer muscles
We're tussling, the crowd's starting to cheer us
And adrenaline's rushing through us just like a geyser gushing
Too much Budweiser in my blood, I'm strangling your windpipe for nothing, my signatures, ligature marks
Look at you all big with your remarks, and I swing an icepick at your heart
At least that's what it feels like when I pick you apart
And dig at you and break you down like the bitch that you are
The predicament starts when I throw a brick at your car
The pain inflicted upon you, it's so sick, it's bizarre
Shit, this is almost ridiculous, addictive as far
As having me wanna rip out your frickin ligaments ARGH!
You hit like a bitch, you scratch me with your nails, for that- You catch an open-hand slap, like a female, like BAP!
In fact, I'll have the crowd smacking you themselves Where's D12, I don't feel like doing this by myself
Ladies and gentlemen make some noise.
Aww shit, yeah.
Y'all ready to get this shit started or what?
Aiight, well I brought some friends with me too.

Eminem
Now I ain't back just for the sake of saying I'm back
I could relax, but I'd rather stack ammo on tracks
Couple Xanax, light a couple wax candles then black-out and
Relapse till I yack Jack Daniels and 'gnac (Woo!)
Burp bubbles, attitudes immature and double shot of Bacardi, party vision is blurrin'
Whoa-oh! I can't see shit, my words get to slurrin'
Uh oh! You can call me R. Kelly, now urine/you're in
Trouble!

What's accurin' before, after, and durin' the show
There's no bearin' on the bad news I'm bearin', whoa
What is it wordplay? No, I'm pushin' you out the do'
So suck my dick on the couch if you wanna cushion the blow
Now stomp your fuckin' feet till you get to squishin' a ho
Its pandemo-nium standin' O when you see him (Oh!)
Damn, baby you look good, you givin' me wood
You should, pull over like a sweatshirt with a hood

Let's network, get our poly on, you and me both break bread
While I'm coppin' over this game to pinch a loaf
Now homie, who's your favorite pain in the ass
Who claims to be spittin' the same flames as me
I'm Kanye when he crashed
In other words, I got the hood on smash like I stepped on the gas
Destroyed the front end, deployed the damn air bags on the dash
Went through 'em and laughed
Came back an hour after the accident and bit a God-damn Jawbreaker in half

So stop fakin' the funk and start shakin' ya ass
Slaughterhouse in the house with the Caucasian of rap
And Just Blaze on the track
What the fucks more amazin' then that, slut? Answer me that
Royce where you at


Royce da 5'9"
I'm right here fire Marshall, verbal pair of pliers
To pry apart you, lump on your head designed by a bar stool
Designed by a cartoon, before I need to be hired
Jimmy Io' fire Marshall
The 9 tucked against the linin'
I pull it out and flip your partner upside-down like y'all are a couple 69in'
It's like Rick James is shooting up your house, nigga
 "FUCK YO' COUCH NIGGA!"

You screaming 'fuck the world' with your middle finger up
While I'm over here shoving my dick in a hole in the mud
My bitch, know I'm perfectly fit for murder
Because I murdered her, so you can call me Nickel the OJ, the Glove
I got a Posse of Insane Clowns, blow your brains on your opposite ear
Then ask you how your brain sounds
Bad, evil, we go Alfred E. Newman, mad cerebral, you on your last burrito

(What that mean Nickel?) It's a wrap if you eating
Get a beat then terrorize that bitch like I'm Middle Eastern
Slaughterhouse on fire, nobody touching that
Good day and good night, Ortiz, yo where the fuck you at

Joell Ortiz
I'm right here; my Nike Airs buzz light years ahead of my mic peers
Quite scary to look at, a nightmare, where my book at I write fear
In the heart of you tight squares, I harbor the art of "You Nice" wear
It's type weird 'cause that made me hotter than my dear
Uncle Al's breath after polishin' off his ninth beer...
Homie chill, listen, I swear, I'm God, I give tracks a holy feel/Holyfield
And they bite ears...

I'm right here, why wouldn't I be? Just waiting to be hooked to IV's
It's Mumm-Ra's well when you look at my pee
And this joint? (No exception) So just point (A direction)
And record the pig's oink (When I rip his intestines)
This isn't just an infection; this won't go away with penicillin injections
Millions of questions arose after they did an inspection
What I exhibit, seems to be non-contagious yet anybody can get it

Aww, shit it I did it again when I lit up this pen, I emitted this phlegm
This time it's along side it Em-in-em
So tell a friend to tell a friend, bite a disgusting hook
Jump in shark water and swim, yo where the fuck is Crook

Crooked I
I'm right here letting the shotty pop, quick as a karate chop
Get your body shot, get your top chopped like a lollipop
Colored Maserati drop, in a body shop
Get your mommy knocked, and your Uncle Tommy molliwopped (Geah!)
I take your life to the 9th innin'
A knife in a gunfight... I love it, me and my knife winnin'
I laugh when you fall, the shit'll be funny
I buy my bitch a new ass and watch her sit on my money

Man, all the bitches holla
They wanna drop my britches than jaw my dick to swallow
Leave drawers in this Impala, I ball like Iguodala
I bear more arms than 6 koalas (uh) As soon as I draw get sent to Allah
Bi-linguist don, I kill with the tongue, I'm Attila the Hun, I'm Genghis Khan, I'm a genius spawn
I pillage your village for fun, an egregious con
A syllable gun, real as they come, Long Beach Saddam (Blaow!)
Slaughterhouse equals swine flu, a sound flyin', we do what you try to do without trying
(Slaughterhouse!) 'Cause to us it's so easy, where's... "Jump-off" Joe Beezy
It's like I'm in this dirt digging up old hurt
Tried everything to get my mind off you, it won't work
All it takes is one song on the radio you're right back on it
Reminding me all over again how you fucking just brushed me off

And left me so burnt, spent a lot of time trying to soul search
Maybe I needed to grow up a little first
Well, looks like I hit a growth spurt
But I'm coming for closure
Don't suppose an explanation I'm owed for

The way that you turned your back on me
Just when I may have needed you most
Oh, you thought it was over
You could just close the chapter
And go about your life, like it was nothing
You ruined mine, but you seem to be doing fine
Well, I've never recovered but tonight betcha that whatcha
'Bout to go through's tougher than anything I ever have suffered
Can't think of a better way to define poetic justice
Can I hold grudges? Mind saying "let it go, fuck this"
Heart's saying "I will once I bury this bitch alive.
Hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset"

I flee the scene, like it was my last ride
You see right through, oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth, but it's easier to justify
What's bad is good and I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy
Follow me I run, I run, follow me, follow me
I just hate to be the bad guy

And to think I used to think you was the shit, bitch
To think it was you at one time I worshiped? Shit
Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it?
Not this time, you better go and get sewing kit, bitch

Finish this stitch, so you can reap what you sew, knit wit
Thought some time would pass and I'd forget it? Forget it
You left our family in shambles
And you expect me to just get over him? Pretend he never existed?

Maybe gone, but he's not forgotten
And don't think 'cause he's been out the picture so long
That I've stopped the plotting and still ain't coming to get ya
You're wrong and that shit was rotten
And the way you played him's same shit you did to me, cold
Have you any idea the shit that I've gone through
?
Feelings I harbor, all this pent-up resentment I hold on to
Not once you call to ask me how I'm doing
Letters, you don't respond to 'em
Fuck it, I'm coming to see you
And gee, who better to talk to than you?
The cause of my problems
My life is garbage and I'm 'bout to take it out on you
Poof, then I'm gone, voosh

I flee the scene, like it was my last ride
You see right through, oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth, but it's easier to justify
What's bad is good and I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy
Follow me I run, I run, follow me, follow me
I just hate to be the bad guy

I've been driving around your side of this town
Like nine fricking hours and forty-five minutes now
Finally I found your new address, park in your drive
Feel like I've been waiting on this moment all of my life
And it's now arrived and my mouth is fulla saliva
My knife is out and I'm ducking on the side of your house

See, it's sad it came to this point
Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment to come and see ya
But I ain't here for your empathy, I don't need your apology
Or your friendship or sympathy, it's revenge that I seek

So I sneak vengefully and treat your bedroom window
Like I reach my full potential, I peeked
Continue to peep, still bent low then
Keep tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo

Sneak all the way 'round to the back porch
Man, door handles unlocked, shouldn't be that easy to do this
You don't plan for intruders beforehand?
Surprised to see me? Cat got your tongue?
Gag, chloroform rag, dag almost hacked up a lung
Like you picked an axe up and swung
Stick to the core plan, dragged to the back of a trunk
By one of your fans, irony's spectacular, huh?
Now who's a faggot, you punk?
And here's your Bronco hat, you can have that shit back 'cause they suck

It's just me, you and the music now, Slim
I hope you hear it, we're in a car right now
Wait, here comes my favorite lyric
"I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die"
And hey, here's the sequel to my Mathers LP
Just to try to get people to buy

Well, how's this for publicity stunt? This should be fun
Last album now, 'cause after this you'll be officially done
Eminem killed by M and M
Matthew Mitchell, bitch, I even have your initials

I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it
Since you're in love with your city so much I figured what the fuck
The best place you could be buried alive is right here
Two more exits, time is quite near
Hope we don't get stopped, no license I fear

That sirens I hear? Guess ninety on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea
As cops appear in my driver's side mirror
(Oh, God, police, ah)
Hope Fox Trot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot
New plan Stan
Slim "chauvinist pig, drove in this big, Lincoln Town Car"
Well, gotta go, almost at the bridge, ha ha big bro it's for you
Slim, this is for him and Frank Ocean, oh hope you can swim good
Now say you hate homos again

I also represent anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend
I'm the nightmare you fell asleep and then woke up still in
I'm your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen
Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin
Nope, it's hopeless, I'm the denial that you're hopelessly in
When they say all of this is approaching its end
But you refuse to believe that it's over, here we go, all over again

Back's to the wall, I'm stacking up all them odds, toilets clogged
Yeah 'cause I'm talking a lotta shit but I'm backing it all up
But in my head there's a voice in the back and it hollers
After the track is demolished, "I am your lack of a conscience"

I'm the ringing in your ears, I'm the polyps on the back of your tonsils
Eating your vocal chords after your concerts
I'm your time that's almost up that you haven't acknowledged
Grab for some water but I'm that pill that's too jagged to swallow

I'm the bullies you hate that you became
With every faggot you slaughtered
Coming back on ya every woman you insult
Batter but the double standard you have when it comes to your daughters
I represent everything you take for granted
'Cause Marshall Mathers the rappers persona's half a facade and
Matthew and Stan's just symbolic of you not knowing what you have till it's gone
'Cause after all the glitz and the glam no more fans that are calling your name
Cameras are off, sad but it happens to all of them

I'm the hindsight to say, I told you so
Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow
I'm the future that's here to show you what happens tomorrow
If you don't stop after they call ya
Biggest laughing stock of rap who can't call it quits

When it's time to walk away
I'm every guilt trip the baggage you have
But as you gather up all your possessions
If there's anything you have left to say
Less it makes an impact then don't bother
So 'fore you rest your case
Better make sure you're packing a wallop

So, one last time, I'm back
'Fore it fades into black and it's all over
Behold the final chapter in a saga
Trying to recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle
Twice the magic that started it all
Tragic portrait of an artist tortured
Trapped in his own drawings
Tap into thoughts
Blacker and darker than anything imaginable
Here goes a wild stab in the dark
Uh, as we pick up where the last Mathers left off
(don't kill me)
Thank you!
Go, go, go (what the fuck?)
What the fuck are you doing?
Motherfucker bail on me? Fuck!
Aw, you gotta be fucking kidding me
Are you fucking kidding me?
Shit!

Get off
The parking lot
Shit, ah
(Let me see your hands, prank's over)
Fuck it
(What's your name?) Marshall
(Who's your daddy?) I don't have one
My mother reproduced like a Komodo dragon
And had me on the back of a motorcycle
Then crashed in the side of locomotive with rap, I'm loco
It's like handing a psycho a loaded handgun

Michelangelo with a paint gun in a tantrum
About to explode all over the canvas
Back with the Yoda of rap in a spasm
(Your music usually has them)
(But waned for the game your enthusiasm it hasn't)
(Follow you must, Rick Rubin my little Padawan)

A Jedi in training, colossal brain and, thoughts of entertaining
But docile and impossible to explain and, I'm also vain and
Probably find a way to complain about a Picasso painting

Puke Skywalker, but sound like Chewbacca when I talk
Full of such blind rage I need a seeing eye dog
Can't even find the page, I was writing this rhyme on, (oh..)

It's on a rampage, couldn't see what I wrote, I write small
(It says) Ever since I drove a '79 Lincoln with white walls
Had a fire in my heart, and a dire desire to aspire, to die hard
So as long as I'm on the clock punching this time card
Hip hop ain't dying on my watch

But sometimes, when I&#x2019;m sleeping
She comes to me in my dreams
Is she taken? Is she mine?
Don&#x2019;t got, don&#x2019;t care, don&#x2019;t have two shits to give

Let me take you by the hand to promise land
And threaten everyone
'Cause there&#x2019;s no rhyme or no reason for nothing, nah

(What's your name?) Marshall
(Who&#x2019;s your daddy?) I don&#x2019;t know him, but I wonder
(Is he rich like me?) Haha
(Has he taken, any time, to show you what you need to live?)
No

If he had, he wouldn&#x2019;t have ended up in these rhymes on my pad
I wouldn&#x2019;t be so mad, my attitude wouldn&#x2019;t be so bad, yeah, dad
I'm the epitome and the prime example of what happens
When the power of the rhyme falls into the wrong hands, and
Makes you want to get up and start dancing
Even if it is Charles Manson who just happens to be rapping
Blue lights flashing, laughing all the way to the bank
Lamping in my K-Mart mansion, I&#x2019;m in the style department
With a pile in my car, ripping the aisle apart

With great power comes absolutely no responsibility for content
Completely, despondent, and condescending
The king of nonsense and controversy is on a
Beat killing spree, your honor, I must, plead
Guilty, cause I sparked a, revolution
Rebel without a cause, who caused the evolution of rap
To take it to the next level, boost it

But several rebuked it, and whoever produced it
(Hip hop is the devil's music) Is that me? It belongs to me?
'Cause I just happen to be, a white honky devil with two horns
That don't honk but every time I speak you hear a beep?
But lyrically I never hear a peep, not even a whisper
Rappers better stay clear of me, bitch
'Cause it's the

Time of the season
When hate runs high
And this time, won't give it to you easy
When I take back what's mine with pleasured hands

And torture everyone, that is my plan
My job here isn't done
'Cause there&#x2019;s no rhyme or no reason for nothing, so

(What's your name?) Shady
(Who&#x2019;s your daddy?) I don&#x2019;t give a fuck, but I wonder
(Is he rich like me?) Doubt it, ha
(Has he taken any time to show you what you need to live?)

So yeah, dad let's walk
Let's have us a father and son talk
But I bet we wouldn't probably get one block
Without me knocking your block off
This is all your fault

Maybe that's why I'm so bananas
I appeal to all those walks of life
Whoever had strife
Maybe that's what dad and son talks are like

'Cause I related to the struggles of Young America
When their fucking parents were unaware of their troubles
Now they're ripping out their fucking hair again
It's hysterical, I chuckle

'Cause everybody bloodies their bare knuckles
Yeah, uh oh, better beware knuckleheads
The sound of my hustle says don't knock
The doors broken it won't lock
It might just fly open, get cold cocked

You critics come pay to me a visit
Misery loves company, please stay a minute
Kryptonite to a hypocrite
Zip your lip if you dish it but can't take it

Too busy getting stoned in your glass house
To kick rocks, and you wonder why I lash out
Mister Mathers as advertised on the flyers
Spread the word 'cause I'm promoting my passion till I'm passed out

A completely brain dead Rain Man
Doing a bankhead in a restraint chair
So bitch, if you shoot me a look it better be a blank stare
Or get shanked in the pancreas, I'm angrier than
All eight of the reindeer put together with Chief Keef
'Cause I hate every fucking thing, yeah
Even this rhyme bitch, and quit tryna look
For a fucking reason for it that ain't there

But I still am a criminal
Ten year old degenerate grabbing on my genitals
The last Mathers LP that went diamond
This time I'm predicting this one will go emerald

When will the madness end, how can it when
There's no method the pad and pen
The only message that I have to say is:
Dad, I'm back at it again
Bitch
Pick up the god dang phone

Bitch where the fuck were you Tuesday?
With who you say?
I wasn't at the studio
Bitch what'd you do, screw Dre?
You went there looking for me?
Ooh, that excuse is too lame
Keep playing me you're gonna end up with a huge goose egg

You fake, lying slut you never told me you knew Drake
Que Lupe? You want to lose two legs
You try to flip this on me?
If I spent more time with you, you say
"Ok yeeah, I&#x2019;m coo-coo, hey?" Well, screw you

And I&#x2019;d be the third person who screwed you today
Oh, four? Dre, Drake, Lupe? Ooh touch&#xE9;
You were too two-faced for me
Thought you was my number one
True BlueAce but you ain't

And I can see you and you make that little boo-boo face
'Cause I'm hanging up this phone, boo
You make my fucking Bluetooth ache
You feeling blue too late
Go smurf yourself you make me wanna smurfin' puke blue Kool Aid
Here's what you say to someone you hate

My life will be so much better if you just dropped dead
I was laying in bed last night thinking
And this thought just popped in my head and I thought
Wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead (dead)
I would feel so (so) much (much) better (better, better, better)

Think I just relapsed, this bitch pushed me over the brim
Hop on the freeway trying to get some time alone and just think
Then the cops pulled me over but they let me go 'cause I told 'em
I'm only driving drunk 'cause that bitch drove me to drink

I'm back on my fuck hoes but a whole new hatred for blondes
But bias I hate all bitches the same, baby come on
Excuse the pun but bitch you're such a broad statement
And I'm channeling my anger through every single station it's on

'Cause a woman broke my hea-art, I say hea-art
'Cause she ripped it in two pa-arts
And threw it in the garbage, who do you think you a-are?
Bitch guess it's time for me to get the dust off
And pick myself up off the carpet

But I'll never say the L-word again
I la-la-la-la lesbian, aah
I hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest
My life's be so much better if you just

My life will be so much better if you just dropped dead (dead)
I was laying in bed last night thinking
And this thought just popped in my head and I thought
Wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead (dead)
I would feel so (so) much (much) better (better, better, better)

'Cause you told me you love me, forever
Bitch, that was a lie
I never wanted someone to die
So bad in my fucking life
But fuck it, there's other fish in the sea

And I'mma have a whale of a time
Being a single sailor for the night
Bitch on a scale of 1 to 10, shit
I must be the holy grailer
Catch this ho I got an Oscar attached to my fucking name (great)

I might hit the club on a chica's tail, uh
Made for me say fuck it kick some shots back and hammer the nailer
These bitches tryna get atached with the failer
And latch him to the tail of my bumper to scratch them with the back of my trailer
Like I'm itchin' to get hitched

Yeah, I'm rich as a bitch but bitches ain't shit
I'd rather leave a bitch in a ditch
Bitch you complain when you listen to this
But you still throw yourself at me
That's what I call pitchin' a bitch

That's why I'm swinging at this chicks on sight
Long as I got a bat and two balls, it's foul
But my dick's on strike so all that love shit is null and void
Bitch I'm a droid, I void cupid stupid wasn't for blowjobs you'd be unemployed

Oi oi oi man oh man you boy boy boys
Getting sick at these girls girls girls
Oink oink oink, you fucking pigs
All you good boys doink doink doink

I got 99 problems and the bitch ain't one
She's all 99 of them I need a machine gun
I take em all out I hope you hear this song
And go into a cardiac arrest, have a heart attack
And just drop dead and I'mma throw a fucking party after this 'cause

My life will be so much better if you dropped dead (I hate you)
I was laying in bed last night thinking
And this thought just popped in my head and I thought
Wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead (dead)
I would feel so (so) much (much) better (better, better, better)

I'm just playing bitch, you know I love you
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all

Wasn't ready to be no millionaire, I was ill-prepared
I was prepared to be ill though, the skill was there
In the beginning, it wasn't 'bout the ends
It was 'bout busting raps and standing for something, fuck an acronym

Cut the fucking act like you're happy I'm fucking back again
With another anthem, why stop when it doesn't have to end?
It ain't over till I say it's over, enough when I say enough
Throw me to them wolves and close the gate up

I'm afraid of what'll happen to them wolves
When the thought of being thrown into an alligator pit, I salivated it
Raise your hands up like it's twelve noon, nah, homie
Hold them bitches straighter up, wave 'em till you dislocate a rotator cuff

Came up rough, came to ruffle feathers, nah, egos
I ain't deflate enough, last chance to make this whole stadium erupt

This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all

I can see the finish line with each line that I finish
I'm so close to my goals I can almost pole vault over the goal post
And if I don't got enough in the tank, maybe I can just siphon enough
To fill up this last can, man will I survive in this climate or what?
They said I was washed up, and got a blood bath
I'm not a rapper, I'm an adapter, I can adjust
Plus I can just walk up to a mic and just bust
So floor's open if you'd like to discuss

Top 5 in this mothafucka and if I don't make the cut
What, like I give a fuck, I will light this bitch up like I'm driving a truck
into the side of a pump, zero to 60 hop in and gun it
Like G-Unit without the hyphen, I'm hyping 'em up

And if there should ever come a time where my life's in a rut
And I look like I might just give up, eh you might've mistook
Me for bowing out, I ain't taking a bow, I'm stabbing myself
With a fucking knife in the gut, while I'm wiping my butt

'Cause I just shitted on the mic, and I like getting cut
I get excited at the sight of my blood, you're in a fight with a nut
'Cause I'mma fight till I die or win
Biting the dust it'll just make me angrier, wait

Let me remind you of what got me this far, picture me quitting
Now draw a circle around it and put a line through it, slut
It's survival of what?

This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all

So get your ideas, stack your ammo
But don't come unless you come to battle, I'm mad now jump in the saddle
This is it, it's what you eat, sleep, piss and shit
Live, breathe, your whole existence just consists of this

Refuse to quit, fuse is lit, can't diffuse the wick
I don't do this music shit, I lose my shit
Ain't got shit to lose, it's the moment of truth
It's all I know how to do, as soon as I get thrown in the booth, I spit

But my respect is overdue, I'm showing you the flow no one do
'Cause I don't own no diploma for school, I quit
So there's nothing for me to fall back on, I know no other trades
So you'd better trade your fucking mics in for some toolboxes

Cause you'll never take my pride from me
It'll have to be pried from me, so pull out your pliers and your screwdrivers
But I want you to doubt me, I don't want you to believe
Cause this is something that I must use to succeed
And if you don't like me then fuck you
Self esteem must be fucking shooting through-the-roof cause trust me

My skin is too thick and bul-let proof to touch me
I can see why the fuck I disgust you, I must be
Allergic to failure 'cause every time I come close to it, I just sneeze
But I just go atchoo then achieve

This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all
So take it all
Polina:
Tell me where to go, tell me what to do
I'll be right there for you
Tell me what to say, no matter if it's true
I'll say it all for you

Eminem:
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Why am I so differently wired? Am I a martian?
What kind of twisted experiment am I involved in?
'Cause I don't belong in this world that&#x2019;s why I'm scoffing

At authority, defiant often, flying off at
The handle at my mom, no dad, So I&#x2019;m non-com-
-pliant at home, at school I&#x2019;m just shy and awkward
And I don&#x2019;t need no goddamn psychologist

Tryna diagnose why I have all these underlying problems
Thinking he can try and solve 'em
I'm outside chalking up drawings on the sidewalk
And in the front drive talking to myself

Either that or inside hiding off in
The corner somewhere quiet, trying not to be noticed 'cause I'm crying and sobbing
I had a bad day at school so I ain't talking
Some cocksucker shoved me into a fucking locker 'cause he said that I eyeballed him

Polina:
And if you fall, I'll get you there
I'll be your savior from
All the wars that are fought inside your world
Please have faith in my words

'Cause this is my legacy, legacy, eh
This is my legacy, legacy, eh
There&#x2019;s no guarantee, it&#x2019;s not up to me, you can only see
This is my legacy, legacy
Legacy, legacy

Eminem:
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Why am I so differently wired in my noggin
'Cause sporadic as my thoughts come, it's mind boggling
'Cause I obsess on everything, in my mind small shit

Bothers me, but not my father, he said sayonara
Then split, but I don&#x2019;t give a shit I'm fine long as
There's batteries in my Walkman nothing is the matter with me
Shit look on the bright side, at least I ain't walking

I bike ride through the neighborhood of my apartment
Complex on a ten speed which I've acquired parts
That I find in the garbage, a frame then put tires on it
Headphones on, look straight ahead if kids try an' start shit

But if this is all there is for me life offers
Why bother even try and put up a fight, it's nonsense
But I think a light bulb just lit up in my conscience
What about them rhymes I've been jottin' they're kinda giving me confidence

Instead of tryin' to escape through my comics
Why don't I just blast a little something like Onyx?
To put me in the mood to wanna fight and write songs that
Say what I wanna say to that kid that said that I eyeballed him

Grab hold of my balls like that's right fight's on bitch
Who woulda knew from the moment I turned the mic on that
I could be iconic in my conquest
That's word to Phife Dawg from A Tribe Called Quest

Polina:
This is my legacy, legacy, eh
This is my legacy, legacy, eh
There&#x2019;s no guarantee, it&#x2019;s not up to me, you can only see
This is my legacy, legacy
Legacy, legacy

Eminem:
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Now I think the fact that I'm differently wired's awesome
'Cause if I wasn't I wouldn't be able to work
Words like this and connect lines like crosswords

And use my enemy's words as strength
To try and draw from, and get inspired off 'em
'Cause all my life I was told and taught I am not shit
By you whack fucking giant sacks of lying dog shit

Now you shut up bitch, I am talking
Thought I was full of horseshit and now you fucking worship the ground on which I am walking
Me against the world so what, I'm Brian Dawkins
Versus the whole 0 and 16 Lions' offense

So bring on the Giants, Falcons, and Miami Dolphins
It's the body bag game, bitch I'm supplying coffins
'Cause you dicks butt-kiss, a bunch of Brian Baldingers
You gon' die a ball-licker

I've been diabolical with this dialogue since '99 Rawkus
You don't respect the legacy I leave behind y'all can
Suck a dick, the day you beat me pigs'll fly out my ass
In a flying saucer full of Italian sausage

The most high exalting and I ain't halting
Till I die of exhaustion, inhale my exhaust fumes
The best part about me is I am not you
I'm me, and I'm the fire marshal and

Polina:
This is my legacy, legacy, eh
This is my legacy, legacy, eh
There&#x2019;s no guarantee, it&#x2019;s not up to me, you can only see
This is my legacy, legacy
Legacy, legacy
I came to the world at a time when it was in need of a villain
An asshole, that role I think I succeed in fulfilling
But don't think I ever stopped to think I was speaking to children
Everything was happening so fast
It was like I blinked, sold three million

Then it all went blank, all I remember
Is feeling ridiculous cause I was getting sick of this feeling
Like I'm always under attack man
I could have stacked my shit list to the ceiling
Women dish him but really thinking
If anyone ever talks to one of my little girls like this I would kill him

Guess I'm a little bit of a hypocrite
When I'm ripping shit, but since when did this many
People ever give a shit but I had to say, it's just my opinion
If it contradicts how I'm living
Put a dick in your rear end and guess what
Every time you mention a lyric, I thank you for it

For drawing more attention toward it
Cause it gave me an enormous platform of platitude
Thought I was that important
But you can't ignore the fact that I fought for the respect
And battle for it, mad awards, act paranoid

Attaboy, they told me to slow down and I just zone out
Good luck trying to convince a blonde
That's like telling Gwen Stefan' that she sold out
'Cause I was tryna leave, no doubt
In anyone's mind one day I'd go down
In history think they know now because everybody knows

Everybody knows that you're just an asshole
Everywhere that you go, people wanna go home, everyone knows
Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice
There's no place you can hide
You are just an asshole
Everyone knows, everyone knows

Thanks for the support, asshole
Thanks for the support, asshole

Quit acting salty, I was counting on you to count me out as Asher Roth
When he round-a-bout dissed me to shout me out
Thought I was history
But goddamn, honkey, that compliment's like backhanding a donkey
Good way to get your ass socked in the mouth
Lay'em off it

But what the fuck is all this thrash talking about
The fight was fixed, I'm back and you can't stop me
You knock me down, I went down for the count
I fell but the fans caught me, and now
You're gonna have to beat the fuckin' pants off me
To take my belt, word to Pacquiao

Mama said there ain't nothing else to talk about
Gotta go in that ring and knock them out
Or you better not come out
It's poetry in motion, like Freddie Roach when he's quoting Shakespeare
So what if the insults are revolting

Even Helen Keller knows life stinks
You think it's a joke till you're bullet riddled
But you should give little shit what I think
This whole world is a mess
Gotta have a goddamn vest on your chest, and a Glock
Just to go out watch Batman

Who needs a test to test the testicles, not that man
Half of you don't got the guts and intestinal blockage
Rest of you got lap bands stuck to this model
Before they put bath salts and all those water bottles in Colorado
So get lost, Waldo

My soul's escaping through this asshole that is gaping
A black hole that I'm swallowing this track whole
With a pack torn of paper
But I'm not taking no crap, ho
Here I go down the back pole
And I'm changing back into that old maniac in fact there it go
Trying to dip through the back door retreating 'cause everybody knows

Everybody knows that you're just an asshole
Everywhere that you go, people wanna go home, everyone knows
Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice
There's no place you can hide
You are just an asshole
Everyone knows, everyone knows

Holy mackerel, I'm the biggest jerk on the planet earth
I smack the girl off the mechanical bull, then attract the bull
Thinkin' we have some magnetic pull
Screamin' ICP in this bitch, how do magnets work!?

'Cause you're attractive, but we ain't attractable
Hate to be dramatical, but I'm not romantical
I'm making up words you can understandable, It's tragical
Thinkin' some magical shit's gonna happen? That ain't practical
You crackin' a joke, it's laughable

'Cause me and love's like a bad combination
I keep them feelings locked in a vault
So it's safe to say I'm uncrackable
My heart is truly guarded, full body armor
Bitch you just need a helmet 'cause if you think you're special, you're retarded

Thinkin' you're one of a kind like you got some platinum vagina
You're a train wreck, I got a one track mind
Shorty you're fine but you sort of remind me of a 49er
'Cause you been a gold digger since you were a minor
Been tryina hunt me down like a dog, 'cause you're on my ass
But you can't get a scent because all of my spare time is spent

With my nose in this binder, so don't bother tryin'
Only women that I love are my daughters
And sometimes I rhyme and it sounds like I forget I'm a father
And I push it farther
So father forgive me if I forget to draw the line
It's apparent I shouldn't of been a parent I'll never grow up
So to hell with your parents and motherfucking Father Time
And it ain't never gonna stop

A pessimist who transforms you to Optimus in his prime
So even if I'm half dead, I'm half alive
Throw all my half empty glass in a cup, now my cup is runneth over
And I'm about to set it on you like a motherfucking coaster

I'm goin' back to what got me here, yeah cocky, and can't not been? rude off?
So fear not my dear and dry up your teardrops, I'm here, white America's mirror
So I feel awkward and weird, you stare at me and see yourself, 'cause you're one too
You shouldn't be as shocked, because everybody knows

Everybody knows that you're just an asshole
Everywhere that you go, people wanna go home, everyone knows
Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice
There's no place you can hide
You are just an asshole
Everyone knows, everyone knows
Now this shit's about to kick off, this party looks wack
Let's take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch
I'm 'bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back
That's why my pen needs a pad cause my rhymes on the rag

Just like I did with addiction I'm 'bout to kick it
Like a magician, critics I turn to crickets
Got 'em still on the fence ready to pick it
But quick get impaled when I tell 'em stick it
So sick I'm looking pale, well that's my pigment
'Bout to go ham, ya bish, shout out to Kendrick

Let's bring it back to that vintage Slim, bitch
The art of the MCing mixed with da Vinci and MC Ren
And I don't mean Stimpy's friend, bitch
Been public enemy since you thought PE was gym, bitch

Take your shoes off, let your hair down and go berserk
All night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out and go berserk
All night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, 'cause it's mayhem ti'l the a.m.
So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go, let yourself go
Say fuck it before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So (everybody, everybody) (go berserk)
(Grab your vile and--)

Guess it's just the way that I'm dressed, ain't it?
Khakis pressed, Nike shoes crispy and fresh laced
So I guess it ain't
That aftershave or cologne that made them just faint
Plus I just showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint
So if love is a chess game, check mate
But girl your body's banging, jump me in, bang -- bang, bang

Yessiree Bob I was thinking the same thing
So come get on this kids rock, baw wit da baw, bang bang
P-p-p-pow pow chicka wow wow
Catch a cab, I wanna go down, br-bow-bow
Slow it down, throw in the towel, t-t-towel towel
Dumb it down, I don't know how, how, how, how
At least I know that I don't know
Question is are you bozos smart enough to feel stupid
Hope so, now ho

Take your shoes off, let your hair down and go berserk
All night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out and go berserk
All night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, 'cause it's mayhem ti'l the a.m.
So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go, let yourself go
Say fuck it before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So (everybody, everybody) (go berserk)
(Grab your vile and--)

They say that love is powerful as cough syrup and Styrofoam
All I know is I fell asleep and woke up in that Monte Carlo
With the ugly Kardashian
Lamar, oh sorry yo, we done both set the bar low

Bars hard, drugs hard thought that's the past
But I done did enough codeine to knock future into tomorrow
And girl I ain't got no money to borrow
But I am tryin' to find a way to get you alone, car note

Oh, Marshall Mathers shouldn&#x2019;t everybody know
Get the bar soap lathered, came ghost and called Arthur&#x2019;s Cargo's
Girl you&#x2019;re fixin' to get your heart broke, don&#x2019;t be absurd man
You bird-brained baby I ain&#x2019;t called anybody baby since Birdman
Unless you&#x2019;re a swallow
Word, w-word man you heard, but don&#x2019;t be discouraged girl
This is your jam, unless you got toe jam

Take your shoes off, let your hair down and go berserk
All night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out and go berserk
All night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, 'cause it's mayhem ti'l the a.m.
So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go, let yourself go
Say fuck it before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So (everybody, everybody) (go berserk)
(Grab your vile and--)

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, 'cause it's mayhem ti'l the a.m.
So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go, let yourself go
Say fuck it before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So (everybody, everybody) (go berserk)
(Grab your vile and--)
Look, I was gonna go easy on you, not to hurt your feelings
But I'm only going to get this one chance
Something's wrong, I can feel it (Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
Just a feeling I've got, like something's about to happen, but I don't know what
If that means what I think it means, we're in trouble &#x2013; big trouble
And if he is as bananas as you say, I'm not taking any chances
You are just what the doc ordered

I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slapbox, slapbox?
They said I rap like a robot, so call me Rapbot

But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit

Made a living and a killing off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinsky feeling on his nut-sack
I'm an MC still as honest

But as rude and indecent as all hell
Syllables skill-a-holic (Kill 'em all with)
This slickety-gippety-hippity-hip-hop
You don't really wanna get into a pissing match with this rappity-rap
Packing a MAC in the back of the Ac, backpack rap, yap-yap, yacketty-yack

And now at the exact same time
I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing that
I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half

Only realized it was ironic I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow? All I do is drop F-bombs, feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are having a rough time period, here's a maxi-pad
It's actually disastrously bad for the wack
While I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece, yeah

'Cause I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slapbox, slapbox?
Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard

Everybody want the key and the secret to rap immortality like I have got
Well, to be truthful the blueprint's simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Hit the earth like an asteroid, I did nothing but shoot for the moon since
*pew*

MCs get taken to school with this music
'Cause I use it as a vehicle to bust a rhyme
Now I lead a new school full of students
Me? I'm a product of Rakim, Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N-
-W.A, Cube, hey Doc, Ren, Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim

Inspired enough to one day grow up, blow up, and be in a position
To meet Run-D.M.C. and induct them into the motherfuckin' Rock n'
Roll Hall of Fame
Even though I'll walk in the church and burst in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame I be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
On the wall of shame
You fags think it's all a game till I walk a flock of flames
Off a plank and, tell me what in the fuck are you thinking?
Little gay looking boy

So gay I can barely say it with a straight face looking boy
You witnessing a massacre
Like you watching a church gathering take place looking boy
Oy vey, that boy's gay, that's all they say looking boy
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
And a way to go from your label everyday looking boy
Hey, looking boy, what you say looking boy?
I get a "hell yeah" from Dre looking boy
I'mma work for everything I have
Never asked nobody for shit, get out my face looking boy
Basically boy you're never gonna be capable
Of keeping up with the same pace looking boy

'Cause I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
The way I'm racing around the track, call me Nascar, Nascar
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard, Asgard

So you be Thor and I'll be Odin, you rodent, I'm omnipotent
Let off then I'm reloading immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
And I should not be woken
I'm the walking dead, but I'm just a talking head, a zombie floating
But I got your mom deep throating

I'm out my Ramen noodle, we have nothing in common, poodle
I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself in the arm and pay homage, pupil
It's me, my honesty's brutal
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize what I do though

For good at least once in a while
So I wanna make sure somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle
Enough rhymes to maybe try to help get some people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines just in case 'cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground, but I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind

So I crunch rhymes, but sometimes when you combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine
You get too big and here they come trying to censor you
Like that one line I said on "I'm Back" from The Mathers LP
One where I tried to say I'd take seven kids from Columbine
Put 'em all in a line, add an AK-47, a revolver and a nine
See if I get away with it now that I ain't as big as I was, but I'm

Morphin' into an immortal coming through the portal
You're stuck in a time warp from 2004 though
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
You're pointless as Rapunzel with fucking cornrows
You write normal, fuck being normal
And I just bought a new raygun from the future

To just come and shoot ya like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag at Maywhether&#x2019;s pad
Singin' to a man while he played piano
Man, oh, man, that was the 24/7 special on the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to the radio station the very next day
"Hey, Fab, I'mma kill you"
Lyrics coming at you at supersonic speed, JJ Fad

Uh, sama lamaa duma lamaa you assuming I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you I'm superhuman
Innovative and I'm made of rubber
So that anything you say is ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you
I'm devastating, more than ever demonstrating
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know the haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating
'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
I make elevating music, you make elevator music
Oh, he's too mainstream
Well, that's what they do when they get jealous, they confuse it
It's not hip-hop, it's pop, 'cause I found a hella way to fuse it
With rock, shock rap with Doc
Throw on Lose Yourself and make 'em lose it

I don't know how to make songs like that
I don't know what words to use
Let me know when it occurs to you
While I&#x2019;m ripping any one of these verses diverse as you
It&#x2019;s curtains, I&#x2019;m inadvertently hurtin' you
How many verses I gotta murder to prove
That if you were half as nice, your songs and you could sacrifice virgins too

School flunky, pill junky
But look at the accolades these skills brung me
Full of myself, but still hungry
I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to
And I'm a million leagues above you, ill when I speak in tongues
But it's still tongue and cheek, fuck you
I'm drunk so Satan take the fucking wheel, I'm asleep in the front seat
Bumping Heavy D. & The Boyz, still chunky, but funky
But in my head there's something I can feel tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils and here's what they want from me

They asking me to eliminate some of the women hate
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred I had
Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation
Understand the discrimination

But fuck it, life's handing you lemons, make lemonade then
But if I can't batter the women how the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
Don't mistake it for Satan
It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas
And take a vacation to trip a broad
And make her fall on her face and don't be a retard
Be a king? Think not
Why be a king when you can be a God?
Eminem has a line full of chainsaws
Eminem, Eminem, Eminem, Eminem
Marshall Mathers, Eminem, the rapper&#x2026;Eminem

Who can say fore sure?
Perhaps a frontal lobotomy would be the answer
If science could operate on this distorted brain and put it to good use
Society would reap a great benefit

I walk around like a space cadet, place your bets
on who's likely to become a serial killer? Case of Tourettes
Fuck f-fuck fuck, can't take the stress
I make a mess as the day progresses

Angry and take it out on the neighbor's hedges
Like this is how I'll cut your face up bitches
With these hedge trimming scissors with razor edges
Imagination's dangerous, it's the only way to escape this
Mess and make the best of this situation, I guess

'Cause I feel like a little bitch this predicament's despicable
I'm sick of just getting pushed, it's ridiculous
I look like a freaking wuss, a pussy
This kid just took my stick of licorice
And threw my sticker books in a picker bush

I wanna kick his tush, but I was six and shook
This fucker was 12 and was 6 foot, with a vicious hook
He hit me, I fell, I got back up, all I did was book
Now there's using your head

Mama always said "If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous
A brain you'd be dangerous" (Mama could be wrong)
Mama, I'mma grow a name and be famous
And I'mma be a pain in the anus (Mama could be wrong)

I'mma use my head as a weapon
Find a way to escape this insaneness (Mama always said)
"Son, If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous"
Guess it pays to be brainless

Fast forward some years later, a teenager, this is a fun, sweet
I just got jumped twice in one week, it's complete
It's usually once a month, this is some feat I've accomplished
They've stomped me into the mud for what reason, you stumped me

But how do you get the shit beat out of you be down and be upbeat
When you don't have no-thing, no valid shot at life
Chance to make it or succeed
'Cause you're doomed from the start
It's like you grew up on drug street, from jump street

But if I had just get my head out my ass
I could accomplish any task
Practicing trash talking in a trance
Locked in my room yeah, but I got some plans mama
These damn rhymes are falling
Out of my pants pocket I can't stop it

And I'm starting to blend in more, school this shit helps for sure
I'm getting more self-assured than I've ever been before
Plus no one picks on me anymore, I done put a stop to that
Threw my first punch, end of story
Still in my skulls a vacant, empty void
Been using it more as a bin for storage

Take some inventory and as gorge as a Ford engine door hinge
Syringe an orange an extension cord and a Ninja sword
Not to mention four lynch pins and a stringent stored ironing board
A bench a wrench or winch and a tangent whore

Everything but a brain, but dome's off the fucking chain
Like an independent store, something's wrong with my head
Just think if I had a brain in it, thank God that I don't
'Cause I'd probably be Dahmer 'cause mama always said

Mama always said "If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous
A brain you'd be dangerous" (Mama could be wrong)
Mama, I'mma grow a name and be famous
And I'mma be a pain in the anus (Mama could be wrong)

I'mma use my head as a weapon
Find a way to escape this insaneness (Mama always said)
"Son, If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous"
Guess it pays to be brainless

Now my mum goes &#x201C;womp womp womp&#x201D;
'Cause I'm not that smart but I'm not dumb
I was on a bottom of the pile getting stomped
But somehow, I came out on top

I told you one day, I said they'd have that red carpet rolled out, yo
I'm nice, yo, fuck it I'm out cold
Now everywhere I go, they scream out 'Go'
I'm 'bout to clean house, yo
I'm Lysol, now I'm just household

Outsold the sell outs, freak the hell out
Middle America, hear them yell out
Until they were so scared, and those kids
Just about, belted out
Whatever spout that it fell out
Of my smart-aleck mouth, it was so weird

Inappropriate, so be it, I don't see it
Maybe one day when the smoke clears, it won't be as
Motherfuckin' difficult, yeah, till then
Hopefully you little homos get over your fears and grow beards

It's okay to be scared straight, they said I provoke queers
Till emotions evoke tears, my whole careers a stroke of sheer genius
Smoke and mirrors, tactical, practical jokes, yeah
You motherfuckin' (insert insult here)

Who the fuck would've thought that one little lone MC
Would be able to take the whole culture and re-upholstery it
And boy did they flock
Can't believe this little hick locked
This Hip Hop shit in his hip pocket
And still the shit got that
White trash traffic and gridlock
Shit hopping like a six blocks from a Kid Rock
Insane Clown Posse concert in mid-October

And God forbid I see a wizard and get a brain in my titanium cranium dog
'Cause I turn into the Unabomber mama always said

Mama always said "If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous
A brain you'd be dangerous" (Mama could be wrong)
Mama, I'mma grow a name and be famous
And I'mma be a pain in the anus (Mama could be wrong)

I'mma use my head as a weapon
Find a way to escape this insaneness (Mama always said)
"Son, If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous"
Guess it pays to be brainless

Insaneness ain't even a word you stupid fuck
Neither is ain't
You used to say, that I'd never be
Nothing without you and I'd believe
I'm shot in the lungs, I gasp, I can't breathe
Just lay here with me, baby hold me please

And I'd beg and I'd plead, drop to knees
And I'd cry and I'd scream, baby please don't leave
Snatch the keys from your hand, I would squeeze and you'd laugh
And you'd tease, you're just fucking with me

And you must hate me, why do you date me
If you say I make you sick
And you've had enough of me
I smother you, I'm 'bout to jump off the edge

But you won't break me, you'll just make me
Stronger than I was
Before I met you, I bet you I'll be just
Fine without you

And if I stumble, I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhhh
But I'mma still be humble, when I scream fuck you
'Cause I'm stronger than I was

A beautiful face is all that you had
'Cause on the inside you're ugly and mad
But you're all that I love, I grasp, you can't leave
Please stay here with me, baby hold, me please

And I'd beg and I plead, drop to knees
And I'd cry and I'd scream, baby please don't leave
'Cause you left and you took everything I had left
And left nothing, nothing for me

So please don't wake me from this dream baby
We're still together in my head
And you're still in love with me
Till I woke up to discover that that dream was dead

But you won't break me, you'll just make me
Stronger than I was
Before I let you, I bet you I'll be just
Fine without you

And if I stumble, I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhhh
And I'mma still be humble when I scream "Fuck you"
'Cause I'm stronger than I was

You walked out, I almost died
It was almost a homicide that you caused 'cause I was so traumatized
Felt like I was in for a long bus ride
I'd rather die than you not be by my side
Can't count how many times I vomited, cried
Go to my room, turn the radio on and hide, uh

We were Bonnie and Clyde
No, on the inside you were Jekyll and Hyde
I felt like my whole relationship with you was a lie
It was you and I, why did I think it was ride or die

'Cause if you could've, took my life you would've
It's like you put a knife to my chest and pushed it right through to the
Other side of my back and stuck a spike too, should've
Put up more of a fight, but I couldn't at the time
No one could hurt me like you coulda

Take you back now, what's the likelihood of that, bite me bitch chew on a 19 footer
'Cause this morning I finally stood up
Held my chin up, finally showed a sign of life in me for the
First time since you left me and left me with nothing but shattered dreams
And a life we coulda

Had and we could've been
But I'm breaking out of this slump I'm in
Pulling myself out of the dumps once again
I'm getting up once and for all, fuck this shit

I'mma be late for the pity party
But you're never gonna beat me to the fucking punch again
Took it on the chin like a champ so don't lump me in with the chumpy ends
I'm done being your punching bag

It was the November 31st today, would've been our anniversary
Two years, but you left on the first of May
I wrote it on the calendar, was gonna call, but couldn't think of the words to say
But it came to me just now, so I put 'em in a verse to lay

And I thank you, 'cause you made me
A better person than I was
But I hate you, 'cause you drained me
I gave you all, you gave me none

But if you blame me, you're crazy
And after all that's said and done
I'm still angry, yeah I may be
I may never trust someone

But you won't break me, you'll just make me
Stronger than I was
Before I met you, I bet you I'll be just
Fine without you

And if I stumble, I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhhh
And I'ma still be humble when I scream, "Fuck you"
'Cause I'm stronger than I was
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

I wanted the fame, but not the cover of Newsweek
Oh well, guess beggars can't be choosey
Wanted to receive attention for my music
Wanted to be left alone, public excuse me

Been wanting my cake and eat it too, wanting it both ways
Fame made me a balloon 'cause my ego inflated
When I blew seep it was confusing
'Cause all I wanted to do is be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf

Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam
Ooh, hit the lottery, oh wee
With what I gave up to get was bittersweet
It was like winning a huge meet

Ironic 'cause I think I'm getting so huge I need a shrink
I'm beginning to lose sleep, one sheep, two sheep
Going cuckoo and cuckier as Kool Keith
But I'm actually weirder than you think, 'cause I'm

Rihanna:
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

Well, that's nothing
Well, that's nothing

Eminem:
Now I ain't much of a poet
But I know somebody once told me to seize the moment
And don't squander it
'Cause you never know when it could all be over

Tomorrow so I keep conjuring
Sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from
(Yeah, ponder it, Do you want this?
No wonder you're losing your mind, the way it wanders.)

Yodel-odel-ay-hee-hoo!
I think you've been wandering off
Down yonder and stumbled upon Jeff VanVonderen

'Cause I needed an intervention in this
To intervene between me and this monster
And save me from myself and all this conflict
'Cause the very things that I love is killing me and I can't conquer it

My OCD is conking me in the head
Keep knocking, nobody's home, I'm sleepwalking
I'm just relaying what the voice of my head saying
Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the

Rihanna:
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

Well, that's nothing
Well, that's nothing

Eminem:
Call me crazy but I had this vision
One day that I'd walk amongst you a regular civilian
But until then drums get killed
I'm coming straight at MCs, blood get spilled

And I take it back to the days that I get on a Dre track
Give every kid who got played that
Pumped the feelin' and shit that say back
To the kids who played 'em
I ain't here to save the fucking children, but if one kid

Out of a hundred million
Who are going through a struggle feels it and relates that's great
It's payback, Russell Wilson falling way back in the draft
Turn nothing into something, still can make that
Straw in the gold chump I will spend Rumpelstiltskin in a hay stack

Maybe I need a straitjacket, face facts
I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that
It's nothing, I'm still friends with the

Rihanna:
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

Well, that's nothing
Well, that's nothing
I own a mansion, but live in a house
A king-size bed, but I sleep on the couch
I'm Mr. Brightside, glass is half full
But my tank's half empty, gasket just blew

This always happens, thirty minutes from home
Gotta lay a log cabin and only option I have is McDonald's bathroom
In a public stall dropping a football
So every time someone walks in the john I get Madden

Shady, what up?- What? Come on, man, I'm crapping
And you're asking me for my goddamn autograph on a napkin?
Oh, that's odd, I just happened to run out of tissue
Yeah, hand me that, on second thought I'd be glad then

Thanks, dawg, name's Todd, a big fan
I wiped my ass with it, crumbled it up in a wad and threw it back and
Told him Todd, you're the shit when does all of this crap end?
Can't park my ass without causing an accident

Puff my gas, cut my grass, can't take out the fucking trash
Without someone passing through my sub harassing
I'd count my blessings, but I suck at math
I'd rather wallow then bass suffering from succotash

But the antacid is my stomach gas
When I mix my corn with my fucking mash
Potato, so what, ho, kiss my country bumpkin ass
Missouri Southern roots, what the fuck is upper class

Call lunch dinner, call dinner supper
Tupperware in a covered plastic wear up the ass
Stuck in the past, iPod, what the fuck is that?
B-boy to the core, mule, I'm a stubborn ass

Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all, but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me going
This is the inspiration I need
I can never turn my back on a city that made me
(Life's been good to me so far)

They call me classless, I heard that, I second and third that
Don't know what the fuck I'd doing if it weren't rap
Probably be a giant turd-sack
But I blew, never turned back
Turned 40 and still sag
Teenagers act more fucking mature, Jack

Fuck you gonna say to me?
I leave on my own terms, asshole, I'm going berserk
My nerves are bad, but I love the perks my work has
I get to meet famous people, look at her, dag

Her nylons ran, her skirt snag
And I heard she drag-races, *burp* swag
Fucking my Hanes shirt tag
You're Danica Patrick (yeah) work, skag
We'd be the perfect match
'Cause you're a vacuum, I'm a dirtbag

My apologies, no disrespect to technology
But what the heck is all of these buttons?
You expect me to sit here and learn that?
Fuck I gotta do to hear this new song from Luda?
Be an expert at computers?

I'd rather be an encyclopedia Britannica, hell with a Playstation
I'm still on my first manual from Zelda
Nintendo, bitch, run, jump, punch, stab and I melt the
Mozzarella on my spaghetti, put in on bread
Make a sandwich with Welch's and belch
They say this spray butter is bad for my health, but
I think there's more white trash from the trailer
Jed Clampett, Redd Sanford welfare mentality helps to

Keep me grounded, that's why I never take full advantage of wealth, I
Managed to dwell within these parameters
Still cramming the shelves full of Hamburger Helper
I can't even help it, this is the hand I was dealt to
Creature of habit, feel like I'm trapped in an animal shelter
With all these pet peeves, god dammit to hell
I can't stand all these kids with their camera cellphones

I can't go anywhere, I get so mad I can yell, the
Other day someone got little elaborate and stuck a fucking dead cat in my mailbox
Went to Burger King, they spit on my onion rings
I think my karma is catching up with me

Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all, but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me going
This is the inspiration I need
I can never turn my back on a city that made me
(Life's been good to me so far)

Got friends on Facebook, all over the world
Not sure what that means, they tell me it's good
So I'm artist of the decade, I even got a plaque
I'd hang it up, but the frame is all cracked

I'm trying to be low key, hopefully nobody notices me
In produce hunched over, giant nosebleed
Over stop as I mosey over to the frozen aisle
By the frozen yogurt this guy approached me

Embarrassed, I just did Comerica with Hova
Show's over, I'm hiding in Kroger buying groceries
He just had front row seats, told me to sign this poster
Then insults me "wow, up close didn't know you had crow's feet"

I'm at a crossroad lost till shopping at Costco
Sloppy Joe's, buck waffles
Got caught picking my nose, ah
Look over see these two hot hoes
Finger still up in one of my nostrils

Right next to 'em stuck at the light
This fucking shit's taking forever to change
I'm stuck, these bitches are loving it rubbing it in
Chuckling, couldn't do nothing, play it off
What you bumping? Trunk Muzik? Yelawolf's better, fucking bitch

They want me to flip at the label, but I won't succumb to it
The pressure, they want me to follow up with another one after Recovery
Was so highly coveted, but what good is a fucking recovery if I fumble it?
'Cause I'mma drop the ball if I don't get a grip
Hopping on shrubbery on you sons of bitches
Wrong subdivison to fuck with, bitch
Quit snapping fucking pictures of my kids
I love my titty, but you push me to my limit, what a pity

The shit I complain about
It's like there ain't a cloud in the sky and it's raining out
Kool Aid stain on the couch, I'd never get it out
Bitch, I got an elevator in my house
Ants and a mouse, I'm living the dream

Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all, but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me going
This is the inspiration I need
I can never turn my back on a city that made me
(Life's been good to me so far)
Somethin's burnin', I can't figure out what (out what)
It's either lust or a cloud of dust
Judgement is clouded, must just be the powder from the power of love
But I'm in somethin' I don't know how to get out of

Left my girl in the house alone
Is that my soon to be spouse&#x2019;s moan
And the further I walked allowed her
I paused for a minute to make something, that's what I heard
Cuz after all this is her place
So I gave her the benefit of the doubt-a
Think I might be about Busta Busta
The thought's so scary, yo that it hurts, brace
Hope it ain't, there we go, yo
Cause my head already goes to worst case scenario, though, in the first place

But you confirmed my low end theory, though
Should've known when I made it all the way to third base
And that was only the first date, coulda made it to home plate
But you slid straight for the dome and dove face first

No, you don't, under, stand, I, don't, do this for, anyone, ever
Yeah, that ain't what they all say
I'll say it, you can suck a softball through a straw, used to be my fiance
Till you sucked on Wayne, Andre, and Kanye
Lebron, Akon, Jay, Lil Jon, Raekwon, Ma$e
Polow Tha Don, Drake, Dante Ross, James Conway, Kwame

Guess I'm gettin my goddamn Jigga on
'Cause your name, I'm beyond sayin'
But fuck it, I'm movin' on, you women are all cray
But I'll probably always keep on playin' the

Game of love, love, love, love
La-la, la-la-la-love

She doesn't love me, no she don't love me no more
She hates my company, yeah she don't love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head as my bags hit the door
She screamed she loves me like she never did before

And I told her
(Go where you want and go do what you want to do; I don't care)
And I told her
(Go where you want and go do what you want to do; I don't care)
I told that bitch

I'm a sucker for love, you're a sucker for dick
Suckin' dick in your momma's tub 'til your granny walked in
Told the stupid nigga to duck under the water, he drowned
Like an abortion, they booked you for manslaughter, you beat the case and I called you

"Sherane is not available now leave a message at the tone
And Kendrick don't forget to buy two pair of those
Expensive heels, you little fuckin' ferris wheel
Fuckin' spendin' on me, fuck you think we gon' get married still?

Fuckin' Mary had a little lamb, this ain't no fairy tale
Fairy godmomma better tell you how I fuckin' feel
Like you should fuckin' beat it or fuckin' eat it while I'm on my period
Now have a blessed day"

Bitch you serious? I'm in the mirror with this look on my face, curious
Why you ain't fuckin' with me, you cut me up, a Caesarean
You know I want you bad as a Benjamin, I'm delirious
I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman
After the dillinger hit'em diligently and killin' him
His mouthpiece for a Cadillac emblem

That's analogy and metaphor for yah
I should win a medal for all the ways I adore yah
This is me talkin' poetry, yeah I got some home trainin'
That ain't what you like, ain't it? What about if I was famous
As Marshall, would you give fellatio in the carpool
Cops pull us over, they just wanna know if you gargle, singin'

I hope she's good enough, meanwhile you're chasin' her
Chlamydia couldn't even get rid of her
Pity the fool that pity the fool in me, I'mma live with the

Game of love, love, love, love
La-la, la-la-la-love

She doesn't love me, no she don't love me no more
She hates my company, yeah she don't love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head as my bags hit the door
She screamed she loves me like she never did before

And I told her
(Go where you want and go do what you want to do; I don't care)
And I told her
(Go where you want and go do what you want to do; I don't care)

So needless to say I'm feeling betrayed
Snatched my housekey off my keychain
She jumped off, Wee-Bey from The Wire, escape
Now she's chasin' me with a cheese grater
Here goes that broken record, cliche, it's all my fault anyway
She's turnin' the tables, I'm a beat-break
Treats my face like seratos

She cuts and scratches like a DJ
Each day is an instant replay
They sayin' we display cinethematic abatic behavior
Back together but forgot today was her b-day, cut me off on the freeway
Simple misunderstandin' but just as I went to slam on the brakes
Then I realized that she may be as crazy as me, wait
Bitch cut my fuckin' brakeline, stepped on them fuckers eight times
Still goin' 73, thank God there's an exit coming up
But them other F-U-C-K's all would of hit the off ramp
So I coast into a gosh damned aww hit a fuckin' tree
Now here she comes at full speed, she's racin' at me, okay you wanna fuck with me, eh?
Snatch the bitch out her car through the window, she screamin'
I body slam her onto the cement, until the concrete gave and created a sinkhole
Bury this stink ho in it, then payed to have the street repaved

Fuck, woke up in a dream state in a cold sweat like I got hit with a freeze ray durin' a heat wave
Guess I eventually caved though, cause she's layin' next to me in bed
Directly aimin' a gat at my head

Woke up again and jumped up like fuck it, I've had it, I'm checkin' into rehab
I confess I'm a static addict, I guess that's why I'm so clingy
Every girl I've ever had either says I got to much baggage
Or I'm just too dramatic

Man what the fuck is the matter? I'm just a fucking romantic
I fucking love you, you fucking bitch
Combative, possessive, in fact last time I was mad at an ex
I actually set off a chain reaction, a tragic event
I said "hit the road" and after she left
I sent that bitch a text
I said "be careful driving, don't read this and have a accident"
She glanced to look at it and write, too bad

Thought we had a connect
No sense dwelling makes, never been a more compelling case
Than a model covered in L'Oreal and mace, who fell from grace
Eleven stories for story telling but the whore was yelling "rape"
So the vocal cords were swelling and her voice were more hoarser than Tori Spelling's face

Still they swarm the gates and my fans making stakes to greet Norman Bates with a warm embrace
Unless you're Andrea Yates, don't ask me for a date, don't be late
Well the sentiments great, but wait then there's been a mistake
You want an intimate date, I wanna intimidate
I have infinite hate in my blood, it's mainly because of the game of--
 Wait, dinner at eight
I have infinite hate in my blood, it's mainly because of the

Game of love, love, love, love
La-la, la-la-la-love
Mom, I know I let you down
And though you say the days are happy
Why's the power off and I'm fucked up
And mom, I know he's not around
But don't you place the blame on me
As you pour yourself another drink, yeah

I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

I went in headfirst, never thinking about who what I said hurt
In what verse, my mom probably got it the worst, the brunt of it
But as stubborn as we are, did I take it too far
"Cleanin' Out My Closet" and all them other songs but regardless I don't hate you 'cause ma

You're still beautiful to me, 'cause you're my mom
Though far be it from you to be calm, our house was Vietnam
Desert Storm and both of us put together can form an atomic bomb
Equivalent to chemical warfare and forever we can drag this on and on

But, agree to disagree, that gift for me up under the Christmas tree don't mean shit to me
You're kicking me out, it's 15 degrees and it's Christmas Eve (Little prick just leave)
Ma let me grab my fucking coat, anything to have each other's goats
Why we always at each other's throats, 'specially when dad he fucked us both

We're in the same fucking boat, you'd think that it'd make us close, nope
Further away it drove us, but together headlights shine and car full of belongings
Still got a ways to go, back to grandma's house it's straight up the road
And I was the man of the house, the oldest, so my shoulders carried the weight of the load

Then Nate got taken away by the state at 8 years old, and
That's when I realized you were sick and it wasn't fixable or changeable
And to this day we remained estranged and I hate it though, but

I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

'Cause to this day we remain estranged and I hate it though
'Cause you ain't even get to witness your grandbabies grow
But I'm sorry mama for "Cleanin' Out My Closet", at the time I was angry
Rightfully maybe so, never meant that far to take it though, 'cause

Now I know it's not your fault, and I'm not making jokes
That song I no longer play at shows and I cringe every time it's on the radio
And I think of Nathan being placed in a home and all the medicine you fed us
And how I just wanted you to taste your own, but

Now the medication's takin' over and your mental state's deteriorating slow
And I'm way too old to cry, the shit is painful though
But ma, I forgive you, so does Nathan yo
All you did, all you said, you did your best to raise us both

Foster care, that cross you bare, few may be as heavy as yours
But I love you Debbie Mathers, oh what a tangled web we have, 'cause
One thing I never asked was, where the fuck my deadbeat dad was
Fuck it, I guess he had trouble keeping up with every address

But I'd have flipped every mattress, every rock and desert cactus
Owned a collection of maps and followed my kids to the edge of the atlas
Someone ever moved them from me, that you could've bet your asses
If I had to come down the chimney dressed as Santa, kidnap 'em

And although one has only met their grandma
Once, you pulled up in our drive one night as we were leaving to get some hamburgers
Me, her and Nate, we introduced you, hugged you
And as you left I had this, overwhelming sadness come over me

As we pulled off to go our separate paths, and
I saw your headlights as I looked back
And I'm mad I didn't get the chance to
Thank you for being my Mom and my Dad

So Mom, please accept this as a tribute I wrote this on the jet
I guess I had to get this off my chest
I hope I get the chance to lay it 'fore I'm dead
The stewardess said to fasten my seat belt, I guess we're crashing

So if I'm not dreaming, I hope you get this message that I will always love you from afar
'Cause you're my ma

I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

I want a new life (start over)
One without a cause (clean slate)
So I'm coming home tonight
Well no matter what the cost

And if the plane goes down
Or if the crew can't wake me up
Well just know that I'm alright
I was not afraid to die

Oh, even if there's songs to sing
Well my children will carry me
Just know that I'm alright
I was not afraid to die

Because I put my faith in my new girl
So I never say goodbye cruel world
Just know that I'm alright
I am not afraid to die

I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on
Maybe we took this too far
I want a new life
Yeah, trying to figure out the difference
But I think.. I think the lines are starting to get blurry

I'm in a strange place
I feel like Mase when he gave up the game for his faith
I feel like I'm caged in these chains and restraints
Grinning every stranger in the place while I gaze into space
'Cause I'm mentally rearranging his face

I need a change of pace 'cause the pace I'm working at is dangerous
There's nowhere to dump this anger and thanks to this angst
I done quit chicken heads in cold turkey and started slowly roasting 'em
'Cause that's where most of my anger is based

Fuck your feelings, I feel like I play for the Saints
I just want to hurt you, aim for the skanks
Then aim for all these fake Kanye's, Jay's, Wayne's and the Drake's
I'm frustrated 'cause ain't no more N'Sync, now I'm all out of wack
I'm all out of Backstreet Boys to call out and attack
I'm going all out in this rap shit and whatever the fallout is
I'm strapped for battles, suck a duck, crawl out the back, bar fight

Prepare your arsenal and beware of bar stools flying through the air
And bottles breaking, mirrors also
And I ain't stopping till the swear jar's full
You done called every woman a slut, but you forgetting Sarah, Marshall

Oh my bad, slut
And next time I show up in court I'll be naked and square a lawsuit
Judge be like "That's sharp, how much that motherfucker cost you?
Smart ass, you lucky I don't tear it off you
And jump your bones, you sexy motherfucker
You so fucking gravy, Marshall, I should start calling you au jus
'Cause all you do is spit them lyrics out the wazoo
Evil twin, take this beat now, it's on you"

I believe people can change, but only for the worse
I could've changed the world if it wasn't for this verse
So satanic Kmart chains panic
'Cause they can't even spin back the curse words
'Cause it works when they're reversed, motherfucker

And these kids are like parrots
They run around the house just like terrorists
Screaming "fuck, shit, fuck"
Adult with a child is like arrogance
Wild ever since the day I came out I was like "merits, fuck that"

I'd rather be loud and I like swearing
From the first album even the gals were like "tight lyrics, dreamy eyes"
But my fucking mouth was nightmare-ish
And from the start of it you felt like you were a part of this
And the opposition felt the opposite
Sometimes I listen and revisit them old albums
Often as I can and skim through all them bitches
To make sure I keep up with my competition

Hogger of beats, hoarder of rhymes
Borderline genius who's bored of his lines
And that sort of defines where I'm at and the way I feel now
Feel like I might just strike first and ignore the replies

This darkness comes in me (Evil twin)
And comes again
(???)
That ain't me, he's my evil twin
(I step out and see my evil twin, he gives me an evil grin)

He's just a friend who pops up now and again
So don't blame me, blame him
My evil twin
(I step out and see my evil twin, he gives me an evil grin)

Welcome back to the land of the living, my friend
You have slept for quite some time

So who's left? Lady Gaga? Messed with the Bieber
Nah, F with Christina, I ain't fucking with either Jessica neither
Simpson or Alba, my albums just sicker than struck with the fever
Get the Chloraseptic, Excedrin, Aleve or

Extra Strength Tylenol 3&#x2019;s
Feel like I'm burning to death, but I'm freezin'
Bed-written and destined to never leave the
Bedroom ever again like the legend of Heath Ledger
My suicide notes, barely legible read the

Bottom, it's signed by The Joker
Lorraine said I never can leave her
She'd sever my wiener, I ever deceive her
Fuck that shit, bitch
Give up my dick for pussy, I'd be Jerry Mathers
I'd ever left it at beaver

Get them titties cut off trying to mess with the cleaver
Golly, Wally I bet he registered Jesus
Ever since 1-9-9-4-6 Dresden it was definite lean
My destiny went on the steps, I met Deshaun at Osborn
I'd never make it to sophomore
I just wanted to skip school and rap, used to mop floors
Flip burgers and wash dishes, but I wrote rhymes trying to get props for 'em
'Cause I took book-smarts and swapped for 'em

They was sleeping, I made them stop snorin'
Made them break out the popcorn
Now I've been hip hop in its tip top form
Since N.W.A. was blaring through my car windows leaning on the horn
Screaming "fuck the police" like cop porn

Flipped rap on its ear like I dropped coin
Fuck top 5, bitch, I'm top 4
And that includes Biggie and Pac, whore
And I got an evil twin, so who the fuck do you think that's 3rd and that 4th spot's for?

And as crazy as I am I'm much tamer than him
And I'm nuts, then again who the fuck wants a plain Eminem?
But no one's insaner than Slim, look at that evil grin (evil twin)
Please come in, what was your name again?

Hi, faggot
Look who's back with a crab up his ass like a lobster crawled up there
Two rabbits, a koala bear and a ball of hair
And you're all aware I ain't got it all upstairs
Guess that's why I'm an addict and it's just small up there

Peace to Whitney, geez, just hit me
That I should call the looney police to come get me
'Cause I'm so sick of being the truth I wish somebody finally admit me
Into a mental hospital with Britney

Oh, LMFAO, no way, ho
Jose Baez couldn't beat this rap, OJ no
Hooray, I'm off the hook like Casey Anthony
Hey ho, hey ho

I sound like I'm trying to sing the chorus to fucking hip hop hooray
No, I'm hollering, you got bottom in like an a-hole
Eight and a base whether I'm fucking off that instead of your face, ho
Let your low hand raise, yo

Tango, what you think, ho?
Slow dancing in the bowling
You trying to hold hands with your homie?
What? You think I'm looking for romance 'cause I'm lonely?
Change that tune, you ain't got remote chance to control me

Ho, I'm only vulnerable when I got a boner
Superman tried to fuck me over, it won't hurt
Don't try to fix me, I'm broke so I don't work
So are you, but you're broke 'cause you don't work

But all bullshit aside I hit a stride
Still Shady inside, hair every bit is dyed
As it used to be when I first introduced y'all to my skiddish side
And blamed it on him when they tried to criticize

'Cause we are the same, bitch
One thousand different houses and munchausen
I'mma make you wanna punch out some fuckin' one "ouch"
What the fuck'd you hit me for?
Scream life as I punch counter and bunches out of anger
I once encountered a stranger
In a dumb gown, black hood
With a scythe
Shit I laughed in his face spit
Bitch gave me an extra life, like take this
Now get your ass back in that game
Bitch don't take shit for granted
And don't take shit, give it!
Only bull you should take is by the horns
A mixture of Whitey Ford and mighty Thor
I Everlast, pen is mightier than sword
Finish writing then record
Replenish keep writing more
Nothing's riding on it but your privates are you're fighting for
So you fight, scratch, you claw
Backs to wall
No one was there to catch you fall
You pick yourself back up, you dust your jacket off
You grab your balls, like they're gargantuan and
Ask yourself how fucking bad you want it
Pull out your pants, whoop your ass and flash it on em'
Nobodies gonna back you in the corner
Throw a hornet
No one's more ig-norant then you fuckin' four in the morning you're at the laboratory, storming
Like there's nothing that's more important
MC's you better consider this a formal warning, you're in for it
Girl, what would you do if I said your body was off the chain?
And I told you I smile every single time I saw your face
I ain't finished bitch
I meant in half, oil the blades
Nobody wants to play
They say I'm a spoiled little baby
But

Nobody put's baby in the corner
I'm only trying to warn ya
'Cause that baby get's mad
And get's to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya

'Cause nobody put's baby in the corner
I'm only trying to warn ya
'Cause that baby get's mad
And get's to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya

What goes through an addict's brain?
Besides static pain and big daddy kane
Break, beats and words
An erratic train of thought
Like splatter paint
Scatter brain
Yeah maybe why that explains
Why you're back but you don't rap the same
And you're looking way thinner
Because your hunger got you looking like
They took away dinner
Sugar ray leonard wouldn't sugar coat a fucking booger though
Just to wipe that bitch on a hooker's coat
When you say you're a chooka what chooka what
Now fling that bitch from your fingertips
I hope it lands on another rap singers lips
Who can't think of shit
Anything of wit, that's interesting to spit
Whose king of this fucking English Lit?
Let your middle fingers flip
On each hand, whilst extending this shit
How low can you go?
Lower then Chuck D ho
Hear the bass of this in my voice
Rocky's back, where's my Adrian?
Nobodies crazy as shady in an eighty million mile radius
I'm what Tom Brady is to the patriots of rap
Not a man, I'm a weapon
Who just happened to be a rapper
Who just happen to be on the crapper
When it happened I had an epiphany
In the bathroom, I'd never be the same after
Now I'm back with an apper-tite
For destruction the fucking recipe for disaster
So let's eat 'cause I'm famished
Every deed is a dastardly one
Evil its past it
Even you asking for me to be pulled
Like to people
Is like me having my teeth pulled

Nobody put's baby in the corner
I'm only trying to warn ya
'Cause that baby get's mad
And get's to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya

So step inside of dimension
The demented side of a mind
That's like the inside of an engine
While I multiply your undivided attention
But be reminded that if I didn't mention
I lose my mind and my temper
You'll be the first one
Who finds him offensive
Got him climbing the fences
Lost some time to addiction
But look up rhyme in the dictio-nary
I'm in the picture
Eminem is the synonym for it
I'm an enigma
Fuck it let's get to the meat, balls
I'm gonna skip the veg and potatoes
Edgamacater, they are
Shit legends are madea
Spit treachreous data
Shit that you would say to your worst enemy
This wretchedness is
What you get when you mix Treach with a Jada
And combine em' with Method Man and Redman
Whit meth-amphetamines in his left hand
And in his right there's a sledge-hammer
And pajamas, standing in front of a webcam
Beating himself in the head, till Russell let's him off dead jam
Maybe I need my head examined
Hannibal Lecter with a dead lamb
Hanging from his ceiling dripping with a bed pan
I need meds!
Swear to god 'cause If I go off the edge
T.I ain't talking me off a ledge man
Heart throb at a fart, ah nah
More like a smart slob, part blob
That'll stab you with a sharp ob-ject
To the heart and leave claw marks
All over the Wal-Mart walls
Little baby with large balls
Fuck mud slinging, I'm blood flinging
There's nothing on this fucking earth better then being
King of the playground
I hate the swings but I love being the underdog
'Cause when I'm pushed
I end up swinging up
Girl you gimme writers block
I'm at a loss for words
My minds as lost as yours
I rack my brain but still no thoughts emerge
Never seen no ass as large as yours, how much that cost?
That's what I call a Roethlisberger
You drive me bonkers I'm about to get my swerve on for sure
Thought I was pimpin' until I felt like Nas, the first date
Because I think I gave you power when I gave you flowers
And I bought us a box of chocolates, no lozenges or cough drops or syrups
Probably should have never let me call that job of yours
To talk to your boss and ask him if you can take off from work
Should have been one of the first signs to cause to learn
Man we jumped in too fast, cause since then I can't be apart from her
Cause nobodies body's awesomer - I lust it, and she loves me 'cause I'm popular, but

You know this ain't love
Oh, no, you know this ain't love
You know this ain't love
No, this ain't love
(What is it then?) It's desperation

She's lookin' for Mr. Right, wants me to be that guy to her
(It's desperation)
I can't even put up a fight, 'cause I give in at the sight of her
And here I go again

Well obviously, oblivious to me, I swore I was just invisible to you till I went to the lengths I did to meet you
Cause you played so hard to get with me from the beginning
Now I'm in disbelief I, never knew that this could be such misery
Cause now you see nothin' but me, and I don't see nothin' but you
And I'm about to flip 'cause we are super glued in
We stuck to each others hips and we can't do anything individually
Which is to cling on, scared to be alone, can't, specifically to describe it I just can't seem to give a reason this definitive, just need you
Talkin' bout "I live and breathe you"
And you pretend to be as mentally and physically addicted to me
As Wiz Khalifa is to reefer
Don't wanna be without you, don't wanna be with you neither, bitch
Put me in a situation in which it's both I wish to seek, cause this ain't...

You know this ain't love
Oh, no, you know this ain't love
You know this ain't love
No, this ain't love
(What is it then?) It's desperation

Just want you to myself, don't wanna share you with no one else
What the fuck you whispering for? You get on my nerves, you make me sick
I think our relationship, it seems to be on the fritz
I mean it's time that we just split and leave the games behind
Your frame of mind ain't the same as mine, I think
You need to finish developing a little more mentally too, get the picture?
That's a negative, Alicia, I will never give the Keys up
To the crib, ever again, no reason not even a gift certificate from Tiffany's
You better have an epiphany, slut, guess what? (what) Delicia
I'm just mad it took the time it took me to discover
You been using me for loot like I used you for looks
Thought you was too good for me, huh? yeah used to be my Carrie Underwood, I was your lumberjack, but I can't stomach this
I'm leavin' you, not comin' back. She said "The fuck with that
Where's my Louisville Slugger at?"
She grabbed that fuckin' bat and swung it at my head
I barely ducked and that's right when she came up with a kick to the nuts twice
Steel toe, girl probably coulda put a 100 yard field goal, through the uprights

You know this ain't love
Oh, no, you know this ain't love
You know this ain't love
No, this ain't love
(What is it then?) It's desperation
"What is a nightmare?
The dictionary tells us it is a terrifying dream, a nightmare"

I used to think I had bad luck, but I wasn't superstitious
Till one day I grew suspicious, when I stepped on a crack
On Aunt Edna's stoop and got pooped on by a group of stupid pigeons
Then we flew the coop to Michigan to start a new be-ditching
Missouri from Michigan didn't work, so we moved
Back to Missouri from Michigan, from Missouri back to Michigan
Someone put me out my misery, I can't do this again
Mom, please stick to a decision, discipline, last thing I wanna do
Is listen she's like Lex Luthor, bitch, and rules are Krypton-
-Ite so the walls I done lost my power to see through them bitches
But I run into 'em, running through the kitchen
Pretending to be blind Superman, 'cause I had no supervision
But I did have a super power though, I could turn into invisible kid
Disappear out of sight, like a true magician
Then one day Uncle Ronnie brought over this new, but different
Music into the picture and it become my new religion

"I remember it clearly, even today"

Move back to Michigan again, to live with my Grandma nan
Always itching for something to do, was flipping
Through the radio stations one day and discovered
This DJ who was mixing, I say it to this day, if you ain't listened
To the wizard, you ain't have a fucking clue what you was missing
I'd zone out with my headphones, all I remember doing's wishing for shoes
Fuck them stupid Pumas bitch, it's all about them new edition Troops
You get them LL Cool J cooling systems
Think I finally maneuvered to 8 Mile and Hoover
And somehow I saw my future is in this, that's how I know my mission
Little boom box booming, spitting, practicing numerous written
When I sit in my room envisioning my dreams come to fruition
I remember Proof would visit, couldn't wait to play him my new shit
He'd go complete ballistic, go through the roof for his shit
It's like we knew the instant, we touched a mic that both of us
Two existed to do this shit, never quit, too persistent

"We are the underground empire"

Started a group of misfits, Proof had a proposition
If we all band together, there ain't no stopping this shit
Come up with aliases, bipolar opposites and
Be ready to come off the top as sharp precision
If you got dissed at the Shop, 'cause if they caught you slipping
They'd take your spot if someone got to ripping you
And you forgot your written, opportunity knocks once, it ain't knocking again
It tried ding-dong ditching shit, I fucking got that bitch
In a headlock, cut off his oxygen Slim, it's not cordial
Like cocksucking cynderblocks in the wind, now I got my pot to piss in
Spot in that top position, hopping over that opposition
Looking like a dog is pissing, leg up on the competition
Promising complete dominance, Sugar Ray Robinson
I'm in a league Muhammad's in, Ali's my colleague bombing 'em
Probably end up on top of 'em, like stomping 'em like Ndamukong
I'm Russian like a Ukrainian LaDainian Tomlinson
Flow vomits in your face, competitors fall at my waist
You spit a rhyme, I spit in a rhyme's face
So name the time, place to battle, bitch, I'm still in that mind state
Don't make me step on you and make you wine grapes
Cry babies, maybe my way that I use words is loose
But you turds better be careful how you choose yours
Cause feelings scar but egos bruise worse
And the truth hurts, shit no wonder you're sore losers
Now where's your bluebirds? Ooh
No more tripping in bird shit, this songs a self empowerment surgeon
Words of encouragement but this discouraging
The Rap Game's God, but the name's not James Todd, I'm just a wordsmith
So let these words lift, cause all I got is bars
For you dumbbells and doors ain't working out
Each verse is more merciless than the first, and you ain't got to wear
No shoes and shirt in this bitch to get served bloodthirst, revenge of a nerds

"They will not escape my vengeance"

And I'm the kid with them ears like Dumbo's gone
With the Uncle Ron, I'm turning into an unhumble Don
You blind dumb hoes, all I got is dick for you to come blow on
So stop the show, but I need a drum roll 'fore I go on
Better back away from the front row, get launched up your arm
Bigger than Dikembe Mutumbo on the fucking Jumbotron
I'm a juggernaut, you do not wanna crumble, you bambacluts
I'll leave you stretched out, like a fucking yarn
So mow the fucking lawn, your asses are blades of grass
And I'm fucking up this whole landscape of rap
The GOAT just ate eight acres and ate the vet
Who just make a path and take you straight to your favorite rapper
Oh look, my notebook with smoke cook
Like the flow stood a foot over the flame on the stove
Soot, charred debris floating like Oakwood
Was burning, return of the no good and I won't quit

"And the next thing I know something came crawling up from below
Something that made Godzilla look like a plane"

And I don't quit, won't change, it's like a Groundhog's Day
So crowd around y'all, cause you may, so you can't pop your head

"I'm not so sure I want to know from once it came
But the white flesh creature's trail is easily followed
There, before that shimmering veil of light, the ivory skin slug thing"
I can feel the heat rising
Everything is on fire
Today's a painful reminder of why
We can only get brighter
The further you put it behind ya
And right now I'm on the inside
Lookin' out, cause

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

Yesterday was the tornado warning, today is like the morning after
Your world is torn in half, you wake and let's wait to start the morning process
Rebuilding and you're still a work in progress
Today is a whole new chapter, it's like an enormous ass
The thunderstorm has passed ya, your weather didn't poke his eyes out with the thorn bush that you
Used to smell the roses, stopped to inhale can't even tell your nose is stuffed
So focused on the brightside, then you floor the gas pedal, and hit the corner fast, the more asserted, never looking back, may hit the curb, but everyday is a new learning curve, as you, steer through life, sometimes you might not wanna swerve, but you have to, to avert a disaster, lucky, no permanent damage, 'cause they hurt you so bad, it's like they murdered your ass, and threw dirt on your casket, but you returned from the ashes, and that hurt that you have, you just converted to gasoline, and while you're burning the past, standing at inferno and chant

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

So familiarize what having to swallow this pill is like
It happens all the time, they take your heart and steal your life
And it's as though you feel you've died because you've been killed inside
But yet you're still alive which means you must survive
Although today you may weep because you're weak and
Everything seems so bleek and hopeless
The light that you're seeking, it begins to seep in
That's the only thing keeping you from leaping off the motherfreaking deep end
And I'm pulling for you to push through this feeling
And with a little time that should do the healing
And by tomorrow you may even feel so good that you're willing
To forgive them even after all that shit you been put through
This feeling of resilience is building and the flames are burning
Quick as fire would through this building, you're sealed in
But you're fireproof and flame retardant you withstood it
And as you climb up to the roof you're just chillin' and you look down
'Cause you're so over them you could put the heel of your foot through the ceiling

As time passes, things change everyday
But wounds, wounds heal
But scars still remaining the same
But tomorrow today's gone down in flames
Throw the match at the past up place

So feel the fire beneath your feet
As you barely even perspire from the heat
Exhale deep and breathe a sigh of relief
And as you say goodbye to the grief
It's like watching the walls melt in your prison cell
But you've extinguished this living hell
Still a little piece of you dies, you scream

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the lightt

Feel the burn, watch the smoke as I turn
Rising, a phoenix from the flames
Flame of love, we're going to fight the word, fight
Now it feels with these wings that I will fly

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light
I'm getting by with my wicked ways
I'm loading up and I'm taking names
I wanna dig my way to hell
I wanna dig my way to hell

Guess I got a way with words, I could get away with murder
Ever heard of Aspergers? It's a rare condition
It's what you're suffering from when you simply don't care if it's an
80 degree day and there's no fricken air conditioning
And you can't see the bitch's hair is frizzing
Cause you got the windows up blaring the system in your Chevrolet Prism
The devil ain't on the level same as him
Picture someone who revels in straight masochism
And imagine him giving him an adjective an ass whooping
So bad they should put his ass in prison
A word bully, I verbally abuse verbs like they did something to me personally
Used to get bullied so I cut class and ditched it
Now I bully rap, I'm the shit, faggot (sniff it)
Cadillac from a K Car
My ass from a hole in the ground, still can't tell 'em apart
Came straight out the trailer park screaming I'm proud
To shop at K-Mart and it became art
And I'm still fed up and as pissed off as they are
To this day I still get in fights with the same broad
At the same Walmart arguing over the same cart
In the middle of the aisle whilin' I don't give a fuck I don't play!
Bitch you think you saw this basket first?
Your ass backwards like motherfucking Bob and Silent Jay
Illest shit you could think I would say
Mind's like a pile of clay
When's the last time you saw a villain with a cape?
Ripped a gaping hole in it
Flipped out, ripped down the drapes
Tied them around my neck, went down the fire escape of the Empire State
Slipped fell straight down to the ground splattered all over the entire state
And straight to hell got an impaled by the gates
So Satan stuck his face in an ashtray
While I sacheted around flames with a match and I gave him the gas face gibberish
And this ain't got nothing to do with a scale of being gay ya
Little faggot. By the way, thoughts are getting darker by the day
I'm a combination of Skylar Grey, Tyler the Creator, and Violent Jay
It's a fucking miracle to be this lyrical
Paint my face with clown make up and a smiley face I'm insane
Every rhyme I say, sons you, like an ultra violet ray
I'm selling hatred buffet style all the shit you can eat
$11.99 so come on and pile a plate
I'm throwin' down the gauntlet to see what hell I can raise
With the rhyme I'm spittin' while I'm shittin' on the competition
In the meantime it's always mean time

I'm getting by with my wicked ways
I'm loading up and I'm taking names
I wanna dig my way to hell
I wanna dig my way to hell

I've been a career asshole
I don't see why these people always got my back
I done said so much fucked up shit, I was born a mistake
But I was put here not by accident
I had a purpose and that purpose was to beat a beat purplish
Slaughter tracks, I done put my two dimes and a nickel in this shit
And I'm coming to get that quarter back
Like Ndamukong the drama can build
Your mama can ask me for my autograph
That cougar's a MILF, she's the oldest trick in the book
But I sure would fall for that
You done brought a bat to a rocket launcher fight
When I get on the mic I'mma snap
Make you wish the ambulance that took me to the hospital
When I overdosed would have caught a flat
If it makes you sick to your stomach acid
Indigestion, my suggestion's Kaopectate
If it feels like I'm running away with the game
It's 'cause I am don't speculate, spectate
All I got is dick for days and insults for decades
But I get by my wicked ways
Lady you can suck a dick till your neck aches
Cry till you get puffy eyes red face
But I'm leaving on this jet plane
You ain't fly, you're an airhead
I'm sick of pounding a square peg in a round hole sorry another catchphrase
But your baggage ain't gonna fit in my storage over headspace
Cause you just ain't big enough to fit your damaged goods
Other words don't try to put the heart in a headcase
Cause baby, stable mentally I ain't, I need my meds I peed my bed
I'm going blind I don't see my legs I keep on falling down
No wonder you can't stand me I need my cane
Someone help me I think my face is melting
If you felt these migraines and see these maggots eat my brain
This G-I-A-N-T hole in my empty head
If you read my mind you can see my pain
Then you'd see why I be this way
Ever since I was knee high playin' with G.I. Joes
Told these hoes shut the P-I-E holes, now peep my game

'Cause I'm 'bout it 'bout it like a lyco fucking (fucking fuck it)
Echo... Psycho on a cyclone cycle
Spiraling, here I go, I'm outta control like no
Other mic go, stab you till the knife goes dull
I'm nothing but a hole inside your skull where your eye goes
'Cause I'mma sock it to you
Dyke ho, you don't like it
Get on your Harley Davidson menstrual cycle
And ride it like a motorbike
I'm finna blow the mic the whole night so
Strike up the fucking maestro, I'm nitro
And hi ho, hand me my shovel, I'm liable to dig my hole
Deeper in, and it's off to H.E double hockey sticks I go

I'm getting by with my wicked ways
I'm loading up and I'm taking names
I wanna dig my way to hell
I wanna dig my way to hell

Skit:
Oh please be empty, please be empty, please be empty
Thank you, God
Shit
It's a girl
I'm gonna rock this blouse and put a cock in mouth
And get my balls blew out, and get gay into the A.M
And lay with 18 guys naked and let myself show, let myself show...
Why do I know that voice?
Butt-fuck it, suck it, pull it, tug it
Life's too short to not stroke your bone
- Are you fucking serious?
So everybody, everybody
Circle jerk, touch my body
Who is that? Where are you going? Come back
Why does everyone always leave me?
Hello? Fuck you then
Blow it our your ass
Used to get, bent, now I represent to the fullest
Pencil is full of insolent bullets
I'm like a Doberman Pinscher, Pitbull and a Rott'
Mixed with a toxic, the plot begins to thicken
I begin to spitting like vintage Pac, demented
Demonic sinister, ever since the the Doc replenished me
The day he gave me that shot when I was just 'bout to quit
So to not see him with me would be a shocking image
And I'm the definition of what a concrete chin is
Cause no matter how many times you sock me in it
And knock me to the canvas, even the boxing critics
Know that if I get off to a rocky start, I'll always have a Rocky finish
Eat me broccoli, spinach, cocky? Nope
But I hope I offended you when I told ya how dope I am at this
And put emphasis on the "dope," so when names come up
In that conversation of who's the dopest, better throw mine in it
And don't mind me, while I remind you of the flow
You won't find anywhere, where it fires and I unload my pen explodes
Till there's no rhymes in it, reload in no time
Let insults fly even sixty seconds that go by, so you know I meant it
In school I was so shy, timid
Two pairs of jean's I'd alternate, bummy clothes, I 'member
Begging my mom for K-Mart MacGregors 'cause they were new
St. Vincent de Paul, those Pony's were used, and no size fitted
But kissed them old days, adios, I did it
They said I was a gimmick, now I'm the one that those guys mimic
Now you fuckers don't wanna go starting no argument
Cause you know I'll win it, name a flow that's more authentic, and don't front

Don't front, you know I got you open, kid

Rest in piece to Big Proof, you was a beast, you lyrically mirrored me
Molded my flow off of you, your spirit's flowing through me
I love you, Doody, without you I feel so incomplete
I'm no king, no need for rose petals to be thrown at my feet
I'm a thorn in your side, get thrown into a throne
Better watch the fucking tone that you speak, feel like I'm in the zone
I'm in a whole different league on my mothafuckin' own, it's just me
No opponents can compete, and I've never been known to retreat
From beef, beep-beep, follow trends or wallow in defeat
I'm still hungry as fuck, but can't even say bon appetit
'Cause I don't know what to eat, fucking microphone or the beat
Bitch, nobody's mind works like mine
It's nose to the grindstone time, holmes, your mind's blown
'Cause I rhyme like I'm still trying to get signed, up in the Ebony Show-
-Case with Denaun screaming "Who the fuck passed you the mic?"
Never asked you like my shit from the get
I'd rather ask you to wipe my ass, bitch
You had you a nice run, now take a hike
I ever meet my match, I'mma strike that bitch first
Cause on the mic I gotta represent the real rappers
The real rappers get their mothafuckin' skills cracking
Word to Buckshot and Dru-Ha, why the fuck not?
You don't like it? Suck a cock! Almost forgot
Before I signed with the Doc, I almost signed with Duck Down
Cause Rawkus didn't make no offers, so mothafuck Loud
They jerked me around so what's up now?
Wow, how much of an asshole would I sound like
Rubbing it and holding some grudge now, but don't front

Don't front, you know I got you open, kid

Late at night, used to catch a buzz, couldn't write
Now I write the type of shit to make you wipe
But wear diapers cause you might leave a streak
I'm on a streak windshield wipers couldn't wipe
It's hard to decipher what cypher I might jump into tonight
'Cause I'm hyper or something, needing someone or something is lighting
This fire under me, it's breathing new life, it's like I already died once
I guess some people only live twice, and it's funny
My days of being broke was so long ago, I lost my concept of money
But you dimes won't get a fucking nickel from me
Oh shit, I'm down on one knee
I'm having a stroke of genius, Elizabeth I'm coming to you, honey
From boy to man, it's still make a whore moan like a thyroid gland
I'm in another category, man, don't put me up with them pop stars
I never needed a pat on the back to get at a boy, band
No offense? Yes offense, precedents has been set that'll never get met
Middle finger pressed against Moby's nose
Shouts to Obie, the curtains closed on my show
(But never forget that I'm the one you thought wouldn't make it)
You can't take it, oh
Got a whole generation of rappers coming up that are nutty with the flow
But convince me you've heard
An MC since me who's this good with the fucking mincing of words
Without mincing words that'll make you feel like I'm pinching a nerve
Whose mentally disturbed, you might as well stick a knife in me and turn
It'll be like my skin being Indian burned
Hah, bitch there isn't one, when will you learn?
Never been served if memory serves
I'd battle that till my own recollection remembers these words

You know I got you open kid, stop fronting
You know I got you open, Word Life
I walk on water
But I ain't no Jesus
I walk on water
But only when it freezes (fuck)

Why are expectations so high?
Is it the bar I set? My arms I stretch, but I can't reach
A far cry from it, or it's in my grasp
But as soon as I grab, squeeze

I lose my grip like the flyin' trapeze
Into the dark I plummet, now the sky's blackening
I know the mark's high, butter-flies rip apart my stomach
Knowin' that no matter what bars I come with
You're gonna harp, gripe, and that's a hard Vicodin to swallow
So I scrap these as pressure increases like khakis
I feel the ice cracking, because

I walk on water
But I ain't no Jesus
(It&#x2019;s the curse of the&#x2014; it&#x2019;s the curse of the&#x2014;)
I walk on water (shit)
But only when it freezes

It's the curse of the standard that the first of the Mathers discs set
Always in search of the verse that I haven't spit yet
Will this step just be another misstep
To tarnish whatever the legacy, love or respect

I've garnered? The rhyme has to be perfect, the delivery flawless
And it always feels like I'm hittin' the mark
Till I go sit in the car, listen and pick it apart
Like, "This shit is garbage!"
And God's given me all this
Still I feel no different regardless
Kids look to me as a god, this is retarded
If only they knew, it's a facade and it's exhaustive

And I try not to listen to nonsense
But if you bitches are tryin' to strip me of my confidence
Mission accomplished
I'm not God-sent, Nas, Rakim, Pac, B.I.G., James Todd Smith, and I'm not Prince

I walk on water
But I ain't no Jesus
I walk on water (it's true, it's true)
But only when it freezes

'Cause I'm only human, just like you
Making my mistakes, oh if you only knew
I don't think you should believe in me the way that you do
'Cause I'm terrified to let you down, oh

It's true, I'm a Rubik's, a beautiful mess
At times juvenile, yes, I goof and I jest
A flawed human, I guess
But I'm doin' my best to not ruin your ex-

Pectations and meet 'em, but first the "Speedom" verse
Now Big Sean he's goin' too fast, is he gonna shout or curse out his mom?
There was a time I had the world by the balls, eatin' out my palm
Every album song I was spazzin' the fuck out on
And now I'm gettin' clowned and frowned on
But the only one who's looking down on me that matters now's DeShaun
Am I lucky to be around this long?

Begs the question though, especially after the methadone
As yesterday fades and the Dresden home
Is burnt to the ground, and all that's left of my house is lawn
The crowds are gone
And it's time to wash out the blonde
Sales decline, the curtain's drawn
They're closin' the set, I'm still pokin' my head from out behind
And everyone who has doubt, remind

Now take your best rhyme, outdo it, now do it a thousand times
Now let 'em tell ya the world no longer cares or gives a fuck about your rhymes
And as I grow outta sight, outta mind, I might go outta mine
'Cause how do I ever let this mic go without a fight
When I made a fuckin' tightrope outta twine?

But when I do fall from these heights though, I'll be fine
I won't pout or cry or spiral down or whine
But I'll decide if it's my final bow this time around, 'cause

I walk on water
But I ain't no Jesus
I walk on water
But only when it freezes

'Cause I'm only human, just like you
I've been making my mistakes, oh if you only knew
I don't think you should believe in me the way that you do
'Cause I'm terrified to let you down, oh
If I walked on water, I would drown

'Cause I'm just a man
But as long as I got a mic, I'm godlike
So me and you are not alike
Bitch, I wrote "Stan"
And I started from the bottom
Like a snowman, ground-up
Like round chuck and still put hands on you
Stayin' wound up is how I spend time
Sucker free, confidence high
Such a breeze when I pen rhymes
I just got the air about me like wind chimes (yeah)

Another day in the life (uh)
Used to have to scrape to get by (yeah)
Now my community's gated and I
Made it and my neighbors say hi
I'm givin' 'em pounds, I'm upscale now
Guess it means I'm way in the sky

But I still remember the days of
Minimum wage for general labor
Welfare recipient since a minor
Look how government assistance has made ya
Adversity, if at first you don't succeed
Put your temper to more use
'Cause bein' broke's a poor excuse

That should only give you more fuel
Show 'em why you're you
So close, God, it's like I almost got it
But close only counts in time bombs and horseshoes
So I Unabomb shit-tick, tick, tick-no remorse, pew
Screw it, I'm lit, and that attitude I blew up on quick
That's why they call me firecracker
I grew up on wick-wick, wick, wick-with a short fuse
I got some important news to report to
Anyone who thought I was done: nah bitch, not quite
Spotlight's back on, got my faith, where's yours?

Do you still believe in me?
Didn't I give everything I had to give you to make you see?
I'll never forget if you turn your back on me now and walk out
I will never let you live it down
(I'll never quit) Do you still believe in me?

Man, I know sometimes
These thoughts can be harsh and cold as ice
To me they're just ink blots
I just fling 'em like slingshots and so precise

So you might want to think it over twice
When you retards can roll the dice
But beef will at least cost you your career
'Cause even my cheap shots are overpriced

But this middle finger's free as a bird
Nuke warheaded birth, hugest forehead on Earth
Too short for the verse, studied his formula, learned
How to incorporate a curse
Point it towards corporate America

Stick a fork in and turn
'Cause four-letter words are more better heard
The world force-fed a turd to me
You're gettin' yours

But sometimes I overdo it, but I just get so into it
I was there consolin' you when no one knew it
When your situation showed no improvement
I was that door, you walked over to it
I'm the light at the end of tunnel
So people are always lookin' at me as they're goin' through it

When that tunnel vision is unclear
Shit becomes too much to bear
Since "Cleanin' Out My Closet"
When I was havin' trouble with the snare

I'm that unrealistic prayer answered
And I'ma get you jacked up
Like you're tryin' to fix a flat, uh
When you struggle with despair
That double-fisted, bare-knuckles coupled with this pair
Of nuts I'm cuppin', I am your fuckin' switch, nothin' can compare

Do you still believe in me?
Didn't I give everything I had to give you to make you see?
I'll never forget if you turn your back on me now
And walk out, I will never let you live it down
(I'll never quit) Do you still believe in me?

Started from the bottom like a snowman
Oh man, put that in your corncob pipe and smoke that
But my battery's low, I'ma need a boost to my pack
And I know that I always got Proof at my back
I called you "Proof" because I knew for a fact

My ace in the hole, homie, I'm callin' on you
'Cause I think I'm slowly startin' to lose faith in it, so
Give me that apron and mo-
-Tivation to go, Hussein with the flow
Fake fans left you two-faced at the show
Let heartbeats loop, produce hate in my soul
Layin' vocals two days in a row

True statement, hate to go down this road
But there's only one route to cross this bridge
So I walk in this bitch with loose change
'Cause all my dues paid, but this booth's takin' its toll

But it's never too late to start a new beginning
That goes for you too, so what the fuck you gon' do?
Use the tools you're given
Or you're gon' use the cards you're dealt
As an excuse for you to not do shit with 'em?
I used to play the loser/victim
Till I saw the way Proof was driven

I found my vehicle and I haven't ran out of gas yet
And when they stacked decks, turn handicaps into assets
Fanny packs, hourglasses
If time was on my side, I'd still have none to waste
Man, in my younger days
That dream was so much fun to chase

It's like I run in place
While this shit dangled in front of my face
But how do you keep up the pace
And the hunger pains once you've won the race?

When that fuel exhaust is coolin' off
'Cause you don't got nothin' left to prove at all
'Cause you done already hit 'em with the coup de gr&#xE2;ce
Still you feel the need to go full tilt
That Bruce Willis, that Blue Steel, that true skill
When that wheel's loose, I won't lose will
Do you still believe?
Instinctive nature to bring the anguish (yeah)
To the English language
With this ink, you haters get rode on like a piece of paper
This rap shit got me travellin' place to place
You barely leave your house
'Cause you're always stuck at your pad, it's stationary

Yeah, that's why when I brainstorm, gotta write it out
Simon Cowell of rhymin' foul, that's why you sound so shook
Wire bound notebook got tied around your throat
Hook it inside your mouth, go-hruh
That's what it's like when the mic is out

'Cause I'm tearin' at your flesh with it
Till your larynx and neck are split
With these lyrics, weapons, expert with
Like hair extensions, extra clips
And you're scared to effin' death of it
Bitch, you're starin' at a legend, that
In a pair of Skechers, sweatshirt ripped
And hoodie black, should be strapped

To a chair or stretcher, electric, swear on every record, bitch
Finger so high in the air, I'll bet your senses flip
Like a barometric pressure switch
Carin' less who I offend with this
I'm at your neck like Pez dispense
Go 'head, spit your flow, bitch

I'm at your throat like chloraseptic, 'septic
And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with
This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit
I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah

And I'll take a hundred of you, hundred of you
All at once like I had nothin' to lose, what can I do?
My appetite for destruction is loose, destruction is loose
And all it wants is to have somethin' to chew
Somethin' to chew (somethin' to chew)

Yeah, uh, and still conjoined at
The hip with hop, still on point and poignant
Skilled as Floyd is
In this field, and still no filter, boy
I'll put you in your place (yeah) like a realtor, boy
You still ain't in the building, boy

I will destroy shit, even as I build it
Get the drillbit, pen is filled with poison
Which is the source, easy to still pinpoint it
(Like what?) Like a real thin joint it
(What?) Comes on Quilted Northern
(And what?) In a built-in toilet
(Yeah) Bitch, I told you I'm a dog (woof)

I wouldn't heal with ointment
Way I'm kickin' these fairies tales
Should write a children's storybook (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Million voices in my head
But still get a little bit of thrill and some real enjoyment
(Off what?) Off the feel of going in
(Like?) Like your bitch when she gives me brain

Like she thinks I'm dumb
Grabs the crown of my dick and blows me to kingdom come
Till I feel anointed
She makes iller noises
When she's with me, must be from the Windy City
Pretty apparent, she's a MILF when blowin' me

'Cause I conned her into
Rippin' the condom in two (woo)
Dick is a bargaining tool
Now I'm gettin' blew like Klonopins, Rude Jude
I go there, you wouldn't?
Well, I still have a few views in common with you
Just not YouTube, 'cause

I'm at your throat like chloraseptic, 'septic
And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with
This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit
I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah

You're a has-been
That has been the case since back when
You last went and threw your hat in the race
You've been trash, stick your raps in the trash bin
Or end up in my next rhyme
You're a fuckboy, so next time
It's gonna be heads flyin' like Dez Bryant
With a TEC-9 against Rex Ryan (yeah)

Now watch me set it like correct time
All you get is sloppy seconds like a Timex, I
Clock rejects into the next life
Talkin' reckless, but it's just my
Strongest suit, but you can get my Columbian neck tie
Prostitute, just climb in the Humvee and let's ride

Why you hitching at night?
I put an end to your life, sex crime
Kidding aside, insidious vibe
Girl, you know you got the prettiest eyes
But all you're getting is bribe
Ending your life to try to get you inside
Then we gon' end up spending the night
And I'm skinning your hide like an Indian tribe

What kind of nut drives a Budweiser truck
Finds a slut, tries to surprise her, cuffs, ties her up
Binds up, cuts, slices her twice?
But the muff diver must just like it rough
Fuck right in her vagina, blood
Flies up on the visor, like a geyser, uh
(Music, please)

Enthusiast of the roofie
Goal is to get a floozy inside the Jacuzzi
And have a loosey-goosey as Cool C is with an Uzi
But I am to rap what blue jeans mean to Bruce Springsteen
Glued we be, I'm truTV, you're too PG
I'm Schoolly D, you're Spoonie Gee

No diss there, just notice there
Are no similarities that we share
Besides the fact we breathe air
Happily married to rap and I'm glad that we buried
The hatchet and patched it up
Now I'm back to ratchet up my attack
And I'm at your motherfuckin' throat like

Chloraseptic, 'septic
And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with
This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit
I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah

And I'll take a hundred of you, hundred of you
All at once like I had nothin' to lose, what can I do?
My appetite for destruction is loose, destruction is loose
And all it wants is to have somethin' to chew
Somethin' to chew (somethin' to chew)
Hands up, officer don't shoot
Then pull your pants up, promise you won't loot
We may never understand each other, it's no use
We ain't ever gonna grasp what each other goes through

Black boy, black boy, we ain't gonna lie to you
Black boy, black boy, we don't like the sight of you
Pull up on the side of you
Window rolled down, 'profile'
Then we wonder why we see this side of you

Probably comin' from the dope house
We could let you slide but your tail light is blew out
We know you're hidin' that Heidi Klum
On you another drug charge, homie, it's back inside for you

And just in case a chase might ensue, we got that tried and true
Pistol drew right at you, we'd be delighted to unload it
In your back, then walk up and lay that taser on the side of you
Fucked up, but what the fuck am I to do?

I keep tellin' myself, keep doin' like you're doin'
No matter how many lives you ruin
It's for the red, white and blue
Time to go find a new one and split his head right in two
No one's ever indicted you
Why? 'Cause you're a

White boy, white boy, you're a rockstar
(My mama talkin' to me, tryna tell me how to live)
White boy, white boy, in your cop car
(But I don't listen to her, 'cause my head is like a sieve)
White boy, white boy, you're untouchable
(The world's coming to an end, I don't even care)
Nobody can tell me shit 'cause I'm a (big rockstar)

Black boy, black boy, we don't get your culture and
We don't care what our government's done to fuck you over, man
Don't tell us your attitude's a result of that
Balderdash, where'd you get the chip on your shoulder at?

Why you kicking that soda can?
Pull your pants up, we 'bout to roll up and
Throw your ass in the van cuffed
You don't have to know our plans or what our intentions are
Our cards are close to our chest, you better show your hands

And put our minds more at ease
Or get shot in the thyroid, comply or die, boy
We're fightin' a crime war, here come the swine
Tryna clean up the streets from all these minorities

That's what we call 'em pigsties for
They're like eyesores to police
Talk to you like just a piece of trash
Feels like we're stuck in a time warp to me
As I kick these facts and get these mixed reactions
As this beat backspins, it's like we're drifting back in
To the sixties, having black skin is risky
'Cause this keeps happening
Throughout history, African-Americans have been treated like shit
And I admit, there have been times where it's been embarrassin' to be a

White boy, white boy, you're a rockstar
(My momma talkin' to me, tryna tell me how to live)
White boy, white boy, in your cop car
(But I don't listen to her, 'cause my head is like a sieve)
White boy, white boy, you're untouchable
(The world's coming to an end, I don't even care)
Nobody can tell me shit 'cause I'm a (big rockstar)

Seems like the average lifespan of a white man
Is more than twice than a black life span
I wonder sometimes if it has a price scanner
I feel like checking out on life, can't escape this circumstance

I'd rather hear 'em say "Die N-word" than Die Antwoord
Ninja, now it's better disguised banter
But that's life, strapped 'cause we're strapped financially
And can't find answers
We're applying, but McDonald's
Seems to be the only franchise that'll hire
So how can we have higher standards?

As Dallas overshadows the battle for Black Lives Matter
We fight back with violence but acts like that are
Black eyes on the movement
Which makes black lives madder
At cops and cops madder
That's why it's at a stalemate
And can't arrive at a compromise so it's Black Ops

I wonder if we hire more black cops, the crap stops
The block is our backyards, officers, not the crack spot
Call the attack dogs off of us, man
You always act all pissed off at us at a traffic stop

And bad cops fuck it up for the good cops, and man, stop
Sendin' white cops into black neighborhoods
Who ain't acclimated to 'em, like that's the way to do it
Who seen some fuckin' videos of rappers waving guns
And know nobody black so they act afraid of us

And that's racism, the fear that a black face gives 'em
A subconscious racist
Wait, why are there black neighborhoods?
'Cause America segregated us, designated us to an area
Separated us, Section-Eight'd us
When we tear it up's the only time attention's paid to us
And education sucks, and every day's another
Freddie Gray for us, a levy breaks or fuzz

Why is it they treat us like dryer lint?
We just want a safe environment for our kids
But can't escape the sirens
Don't take a scientist to see our violent nature lies in
The poverty that we face so the crime rate's the highest in
The lowest classes, it's like a razor wire fence
And we're trapped in these racial biases
That plague our society which makes our anxiety levels raise
Every time we see a devil's face

Lions, tigers and bears, oh my
It's more like billy clubs and gats
And we really love it when you think we're guilty 'cause we're black
"But you kill each other, facts
You peel each other's caps, for silly stuff like hats"

Single mother strugglin' through substance abuse
While people with nothin' to lose shoot each other for shoes
Fuck your Republican views
Pull ourselves up by our bootstraps, where the fuck are the boots?

And streets act as a narrator, don't gotta read comics
Or be that into characters, just to see that, just to be black
You better be strapped with a derringer
Or be "capped in America" like Steve Rogers

'Cause no one oversees these cops and
All we see is 'em beat charges
We done seen 'em beat Rodney King unconscious and got off
So we don't need all you crooked police officers' peace offerings

Just keep marchin', till we reach congress
But they're gonna say you're tryin' to take an irrational stance
If you try to slander the flag but
Somebody has to be the sacrificial lamb
So they call it a Kaepernick tantrum
If you don't stand for the national anthem

We raise it, you better praise it
Or you'll be made to feel like a traitor, we'll
Treat you like Rodney Dangerfield
Home of the brave is still racist 'ville
So this whole nation feels like a plantation field

In a country that claims that its foundation was based on United States ideals
That had its Natives killed
Got you singin' this star-spangled spiel
To a piece of cloth that represents the "Land of the Free" that made people slaves to build
I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water
Feel it washing over me

Oh, little one, I don't want to admit to something
If all it's gonna cause is pain
Truth in my lies right now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

He's coming home with his neck scratched, to catch flack
Sweat jackets and dress slacks, mismatch
On his breath's Jack is a sex addict
And she just wants to exact revenge and get back

It's a chess match, she's on his back like a jet pack
She's kept track of all his Internet chats
And guess who just happens to be moving on to the next?
Actually, just shit on my last chick and she has what my ex lacks

'Cause she loves danger, psychopath
And you don't fuck with no man's girl, even I know that
But she's devised some plan
To stab him in the back, knife in hand
Says the relationship's hanging by a strand

So she's been on the web lately
Says maybe she'll be my Gwen Stacy, despite her man
And I know she's using me to try to play him
I don't care, hi Susanne, but I shoulda said "Bye Susanne"
After the first night, but tonight I am

I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water
Feel it washing over me

Oh, little one, I don't want to admit to something
If all it's gonna cause is pain
Truth in my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

One-night stand, turned into night staying
He was calling so might scram, now we hug tight and
He found out, now she feels deserted and used
'Cause he left, so what? He did it first to her too

Now how am I supposed to tell this girl that we're through?
It's hard to find the words, I'm aloof, nervous, ensued
And witnessed you hurt, but what you deserve is the truth
Don't take it personal, I just can't say this in person to you

So I revert to the studio like hole in the wall diners
Don't have to be reserved in a booth
I just feel like the person who I'm turning into's
Irreversible, I preyed on you like it's church at the pew

And now that I got you I don't want you
Took advantage of my thirst to pursue
Why do I do this dirt that I do?
Get on my soapbox and preach, my sermon and speech
Detergent and bleach is burning the wound
'Cause now with her in the womb
We can't bring her in this world, shoulda knew
To use protection 'fore I bit into your forbidden fruit
Fuck

I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water
Feel it washing over me

Oh, little one, I don't want to admit to something
If all it's gonna cause is pain
Truth in my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

My name's (oh), my name's (oh)
Denver (oh), river run
Call me (oh), call me (oh)
River (oh), we'll let the river run

Always the bridesmaid, never the bride, hey
Fuck can I say? If life was a highway
The seat was an enclave, I'd be swerving in five lanes
Speeds at a high rate, like I'm sliding on ice, maybe

That's why I may have came at you sideways
I can't keep my lies straight
What I made you terminate, my baby
This love triangle left us in a wreck, tangled

What else can I say? It was fun for a while
Bet I really woulda loved your smile
Didn't really wanna abort, but fuck it
What's one more lie to tell an unborn child?

I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water
Feel it washing over me

Oh, little one (I'm sorry)
I don't want to admit to something (I fucked up)
If all it's gonna cause is pain
The truth in my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run
Damn girl
You drive me crazy
You may be crazy too
You make me do things
I normally wouldn't do

You make me feel things
That I never felt
You gotta be the real thing
'Cause you remind me of myself
Yo
I bust in, devilish grin, disgustin'
Asshole, freckled cheeks and a butt chin
Calling all party animals
Get on the floor when I pop up on some Whac-A-Mole shit

In search of a chick who stacked them so thick
And implants are so big
She can hang me up on that rack, big ol' tits
Like Anna Nicole Smith
Body's bananas and sass to go wit'

I spot you at first glance and go "Shit!"
You wearin' those pants that don't fit
That butt won't ever give up
That's why you stick it out no matter what
'Cause you got an ass that won't quit

So, get on the horn, my saxophone
Grab hold of my instrument, get a grasp, and blow
You just laugh and go, "heehee"
'Cause you're just as nasty so that's appropriate
That's why

I love you, 'cause you remind me of me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah, me)
I said I love you, 'cause you remind me of me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty (yeah, me)

You know, I'm wearin' a new shirt tonight too, yo
With me on it

I'm lookin' at your tight rear like a sightseer
Your booty is heavy duty like diarrhea
The plan's to bring you to my house
You're drinkin' Jack and Beam
I'm thinkin' soon as trampolines so we should bounce

But you're out of your tube-top
If you're thinkin' that mi casa es su casa
Yeah, you're a cute fox
Perfect ten so back that up like a moonwalk
Girl, you're smokin' like Snoop Dogg

But you must be tokin' if you think you're takin' over my quarters
There goes the dime into the jukebox
Two shots of blue Hpnotiq and soon I'll
Turn this pool hall to a barroom brawl
So, Rick, scratch on the break like the cue ball
Turn the volume all the way up on your boombox

And excuse the locker room talk, I'm just too raw
But apparently, so are you, ma
'Cause you just kicked me in the balls and told me to screw off
And that's why

I love you, 'cause you remind me of me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah, me)
I said I love you, 'cause you remind me of me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty (yeah, me)

Said can I take you home, where we can be alone?
Shorty, you the shit
Girl, I ordered you to sit
I know you're probably feelin' me more than you admit
Pull up a chair, sweetie, let me order you a drink
I only go to meetings court-ordered from a shrink

So from the bottom to the top, floor to ceiling
You ain't run of the mill, you're one in a million
'Cause real tits are still fun
But everybody knows fake tits are still better than real ones

So come and spend the night with the guy most are terrified of
But tonight, curiosity overrides ya
Besides you're fire (I love) like a starter pistol
Crystal and slides huns, tonight I'm your pilot

'Cause you should be up in the sky, girl
You're so fucking fly, you belong in the mile high club
So come on, baby, the night's young
Don't string me along, I'm high-strung

We might wind it up, unbound like we're trying for the Cy Young
Fuckin' 'fore we get to the house, screwin' our brains out
Like changing a lightbulb
That's why I like ya, 'cause I'm crazy just like ya

Now every time I get brain, you screw mine up
I barely can think straight, your head game is a mindfuck
So ready, set, aim and fire
Yes, babe, I'm fallin' in likeness kinda, why

I love you, 'cause you remind me of me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah me)
I said I love you, 'cause you remind me of me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty (yeah, me)
I've drowned in high from the ashes
Now I can't recall your laughter
The smoke of everything go grasp
At ends of what's left over

And the lights in every broken
Blown-out window screaming, laughing
I hope to feel it coursing out
This is our revival
Yeah, shout to everybody
Who's been on this trip with me
You don't have to agree
But if you feel like me

Someone get this Aryan a sheet
Time to bury him, so tell him to prepare to get impeached
Everybody on your feet
This is where terrorism and heroism meet, square off in the street

This chump barely even sleeps
All he does is watch Fox News like a parrot and repeats
While he looks like a canary with a beak
Why you think he banned transgenders from the military with a tweet?

He's tryin' to divide us
The shit's like a cult, but like Johnny he'll only unite us
'Cause nothin' inside drives us like this fight does
Similar to when two cars collide 'cause

Our spirit's crushed, and this spot's a tight one
But here the jaws of life come
To pull us from the wreckage that's what we get pride from
When we can't wear stars and stripes

'Cause this type of pickle we're in is hard to deal
But there's always tomorrow still
If we start from the scratch like a scab, get the scars to heal
And band together for Charlottesville

And for Heather, fallen heroes, fill this wall with murals
Nevada get up, hit the damn resetter
Let's start from zero, this is our renewal
Spray tan, get ride of, get a brand new, better
America, and here's to where we're from

And here's to where we all began, all began (stand up)
Here's to the land that made me
And made me who I am, who I am (hands up)
Here's to the land that raised me
This one's for the only place that really knows me
From the cracks in the road that drove me
There's no place like home

Didn't wanna piss your base off, did ya?
Can't denounce the Klan, 'cause they play golf with ya
You stay on Twitter, way to get your hate off Nazi
I do not see a way y'all differ

And all you got are race cards, bigot
The swastika with your name carved in it
Should be your trademark, 'cause hate's all you played off
And you just lick the plate off
So I guess it pays to feed off of chaos
So basically, you ate off Hitler

But you ain't ruinin' our country, punk
Or takin' our pride from us, you won't define us
'Cause like a dictionary, things are lookin' up
So much, got a sprained neck, know we would rise up

Against this train wreck and take a stand
Even if it means sittin' when they raise the flag
To sing "The Star-Spangled Banner", this man
Just praised a statue of General Lee 'cause he generally

Hates the black people, degrades Hispanics
Take it back to the Shady national convention
Wish I woulda spit on it before I went
To shake his hand at the event

Or maybe had the wherewithal
To know that he was gonna try to tear apart
Our sacred land we cherish and stand for
So, hands in the air, let's hear it for
The start of a brand new America
Without him and be proud of where we're from
And here's to where we're from

And here's to where we all began, all began (stand up)
Here's to the land that made me
And made me who I am, who I am (hands up)
Here's to the land that raised me
This one for the only place that really knows me
From the cracks in the road that drove me
There's no place like home

I won't give up
I won't give up on my home, that so many died for
You already know that I won't give up
I won't give up on my home, that so many died for
You already know
There's no place like home, no place like home
Wherever I go, no place like home
No place like home, no place like home
Wherever I go

Here's to where we all began, all began (stand up)
Here's to the land that made me
And made me who I am, who I am (hands up)
Here's to the land that raised me
This one for the only place that really knows me
From the cracks in the road that drove me
There's no place like home
We never saw from each other's sides or eye to eye
Just eye for eye, lie for lie, fight or flight
So much baggage, need a luggage rack
But we carry on with our public spats and our feuds
Up back in the news, love taps when I dissed you
Like it was fun, actually used to run back to the booth
Jump back in the studio, give you a tongue lashing, then you
Laughed at a stomach tat with the tomb stone
It was funny back in our youth
But then it wasn't after we knew
That we were done and actually through (and actually through)

But if there's one fraction of truth
If it could be spun back I would do
So many things different, 'cause it was such a dumbass excuse
You hit me once and that I would use
To continue the pattern of abuse
Why did I punch back? Girls, your dad is a scumbag, I'm confused
Because

How come you can be a lord and a loser?
How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father?
A good dad, but a bad husband
Why are you a good father?
A great dad, but a bad husband

You were the beat I loved with a writer's block
The line that's hot, that I forgot
We laughed a little, cried a lot
I'll never forget when you came home and you held Hailie
Day before you went to jail and daily
How we'd wait for that mail lady
Or by the phone for Mom to call

And I watched you pull yourself up and we decided on
Giving it one more try despite it all
You're my lightning rod when my sky gets dark
I'm your shiny rocks in that tiny box
When we tied the knot, when we broke the knot
Every line we crossed we were supposed to not
Every time we fought, the insults, they got thrown too far

Words that we said that we didn't mean
The words that we meant that we didn't say
The ones that we thought that we shoulda said
Letters written that we could have read
Which maybe woulda lead to some good instead
And had this put to bed
But I'd be lyin' still if I said
I wasn't sittin' here askin' myself

How come you can be a lord and a loser?
How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father?
A good dad, but a bad husband
Why are you a good father?
A great dad, but a bad husband (Dad) (you said)
Forever be a hero in my eyes (I reply)
But there's always another side to a good father
A great dad, but a bad husband

We brought out the worst in each other
Someone had to make the sparring end
'Cause I loved you, but I hated that me
And I don't wanna see that side again
But I'm sorry, Kim
More than you could ever comprehend
Leaving you was fucking harder than
Sawing off a fucking body limb

Once upon a time we're all we had
Maybe that's what drew us
To each other, it was true love
Shit we never knew was possible
We might have loved each other too much
And maybe that's what made us do what
We did to each other, all the screw-ups
'Cause you always thought that you was
More in love with me, and I was thinking
I was more in love than you was

For all the times that we thought it worked
Till we saw how wrong we were
When the dust settles now and all the dirt
If I touch the rawest nerve
All I want is for us not to hurt

And it's been an exhaustive search to find the words
But I just heard "Mockingbird"
And got the urge to jot some verses and thoughts
The purpose was not to stir up or open wounds
I've caused a few and so have you
Or argue whose fault it was partly yours

Partly mine, but really no one's
This is so tough, I'm getting choked up
Oh fuck it, we both suck
We broke up, got back together
We both thought we had forever
Not bad people, just bad together
We were so nuts, backstabbed each other
Another blow struck

But there's no duckin' this blow
'Cause it's over and it's closure
But I'm not so sure how to close this
I just don't know how some people can be so good
At one thing and so fucked at a whole 'nother
Shit, it's no wonder

How come, how come, you can be a lord and a loser?
How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father?
A good dad, but a bad husband
Why are you a good father?
A great dad, but a bad husband (Dad) (you said)
Forever be a hero in my eyes (I reply)
But there's always another side to a good father
A great dad, but a bad husband
I'm stumbling, I can't see straight
And it's my fault I got this way
I got my hands on something great
And found a way to mess it all up

I did my best, I tried to change
But it's just in my DNA
I got my hands on something great
And found a way to fuck it up again

Now I'm the one thing you couldn't hate more
But you're the one thing that I would die for

All my life I was told I was never nothing special
I don't need to be reminded of it every other second
'Specially when all my self-esteem's
Already shot to hell, I'm falling helplessly
I'm embarrased, I don't want no one else to see

'Cause I feel like I'm a piece of shit every time she yells at me
Selfishly addicted, definitely doesn't help that she
Makes me feel like I've died and gone to heaven
But makes life a living hell for me
She does that thing with her lip, now she's melting me

I'm putty in her palms, I'm wrapped around her finger
A yo-yo on a string, she lets me sit there and just dangle
Until something better comes along
And she'll just drop me like a hot potato
I look like I'm in pain, but I'm okay though

'Cause I know she loves me
My friends, what do they know?

It's like I'm drowning at sea
Hoping that you reach for me
I know you're there, but I can't see
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings

I'm dying to breathe
And all you do is strangle me
Such a beautiful relief
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings
Drunk off tragic endings

In my moments of weakness
I openly admit the shit I wouldn't normally
I'm extremely self-conscious and enormously
Insecure and she uses it to torture when she torments me
It only turns to ammunition for her in this war, when she

Gets going she don't stop, when I'm up she's like a downer
When I found her it was love at first encounter
Plus, somehow she musta took the carton of eggs off the counter
Cracked them and placed all the shells on the ground for
Me to walk on when I'm around her

But there's just something about her
That makes me not able to function without her
How can I get out of it when I don't know how to?
I'm a doubter, I'm a pessimist, make a believer out of me
And show me the way now or stay the fuck out of my cloud of rain
'Cause I'm going straight down the drain, I'm drowning

It's like I'm drowning at sea
Hoping that you reach for me
I know you're there, but I can't see
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings

I'm dying to breathe
And all you do is strangle me
Such a beautiful relief
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings
Drunk off tragic endings

Now I'm the one thing you couldn't hate more
But you're the one thing that I would die for

It took a while for me to get it, but I think I've figured it out
She don't want me, she just don't wanna see me with someone else
The idea of seeing me happy destroys her in itself
To see me falling to pieces brings her joy and brings her hell

But it annoys her to see me get this straight, then say "screw her!"
I threw up on myself, I'm dumb sick, I'm addicted to her
She's tryna block the door, so here's how I do her
Since I'm manure, she's a sewer
And this time this piece of shit's running through her

I can see the light, now I'm running to it
What the fuck? Shoulda knew it
Who would think she'd actually have the balls to do it?
As soon as I hopped in it, she gassed the car with lighter fluid
She's standing there with a rag, 'bout to put the lighter to it
Lit the fucking thing on fire, then she threw it

It's like I'm drowning at sea
Hoping that you reach for me
I know you're there, but I can't see
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings

I'm dying to breathe
And all you do is strangle me
Such a beautiful relief
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings
Drunk off tragic endings
Feeling kinky
Lip syncing to Too $hort's "Freaky Tales" (Biatch)
Having creepy visions of whiskey drinking
Envisioning sneaking into where Christie Brinkley dwells
I know this is risky thinking but I wanna stick her like she decals

But when murdering females
Better pay attention to these details or you could be derailed
Better wear at least three layers of clothing or be in jail
If you get scratched because your DNA'll
Be all up under her fingernails

Man, he hears you, I don't think he cares
He gives a fuck, even his pinky swears
Three personalities burstin' out of me, please beware
Her TV blares, can't hear the creaking stairs
She's unaware in no underwear

She's completely bare
Turns around and screams, I remember distinctly
I said "I'm here to do sink repairs."
Chop her up, put her body parts
In front of Steven Avery's trailer and leave 'em there

But damnit, I was framed
I know what this looks like, officers
Please just give me one minute
I think I can explain
I ain't murdered nobody
I know these words are so nutty
But I'm just here to entertain

How come your shirt is so bloody?
There's a missing person, so what?
He's got nothin' to do with me
I'm almost certain I was framed

Woke up, it was dawn, musta knew somethin' was wrong
Think I'm becomin' a monster 'cause of the drugs that I'm on
Donald Duck's on as the Tonka Truck in the yard
But dog, how the fuck is Ivanka Trump in the trunk of my car?

Gotta get to the bottom of it to try to solve it
Must go above and beyond, 'cause it's incumbent upon
Me, 'cause I feel somewhat responsible for the dumb little blonde
Girl, that motherfuckin' baton twirler that got dumped in the pond

Second murder with no recollection of it
Collectin' newspaper articles, cuttin' up sections from it
Memory's too fucked to remember
Destructive temper cut my public defender's
Jugular then stuck him up in a blender

Another dismembered toddler
Discovered this winter probably
'Cause the disassembled body
Was covered up in the snow since the month of November oddly
I'm wanted for questioning
Them son of a bitches probably just wanna pin this on me

But hey man, I was framed
I know what this looks like, officers
Please just give me one minute
I think I can explain
I ain't murdered nobody
I know these words are so nutty
But I'm just here to entertain

How come your shirt is so bloody?
There's a missing person, so what?
He's got nothin' to do with me
I'm almost certain I was framed

Still on the loose, they
Spotted me inside McDonald's, Tuesday
In a Toronto Blue Jays cap, lookin' like your college roommate
With Rihanna, Lupe, Saddam Hussein, Bobby Boucher
Or was it Cool J? The cops is on a goose chase

Just escaped from the state pen
For rapin' eight women who hate men
Don't make it no weirder, I'm naked
When I break in your basement

Under your baby's play pen, I lay and wait adjacent
Facin' the door, remaining patient
While stayin' complacent blatant
Sexual implications are continuing to get thrown
Insinuations are placed in little riddles and poems
Left on your pillow in hopes, that when you get home
You'll get the hint, ho, I'm in your window

But it never occurred to me I could describe a murder scene
In a verse and be charged with first degree
'Cause it just happened to match up perfectly
With the massacre or the Burger King burglary
No, officer, you see

I was framed
I know what this looks like, officers
Please just give me one minute
I think I can explain
I ain't murdered nobody
I know these words are so nutty
But I'm just here to entertain

How come your shirt is so bloody?
There's a missing person, so what?
He's got nothin' to do with me
I'm almost certain I was framed
Ashes blowing in the air
The world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never lookin' back and we're never getting old
'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold
Fuck doin' what you're told
We're goin' nowhere fast

I feel sorry for this beat, sympathy pains for this track
This road is takin' me back down memory lane with this rap
I can still look out in this crowd, be wowed and be taken aback
I'm simply stating a fact, I had Wembley Stadium packed

But now we're on a path headed to nowhere and fast
Another terrorist attacks
Like a tariff, blows half of Madison Square up, alas
We perish in the blast
But that isn't scaring us, we pass nowhere we're fearless
'Cause we're just

Ashes blowing in the air
Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah
(We don't give a... no, no)
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never lookin' back and we're never getting old
'Cause the skies are black
But our heart's made of gold (golden)
Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told)
We're goin' nowhere fast

'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no
Goin' no, goin' no
Goin' no, goin' nowhere
We're on the run of our lives
Goin' nowhere fast

Fuck doin' what you're told, act like a two-year old
Shit is soon to go kaboom and blow
Anyways; for MC's it's a funeral
When I'm devisin' this rhyme
'Cause I'm awake and you're mourning
That's why I rise and I shine
Like a new day has dawned on me

Gusto, guts, bravado
Nuts and plus I kick up dust and cuss a lot
I musta got you in somewhat of a debacle
'Cause some stuff that's awful
Really don't mean nothin' although
There's a lot of shit I said in jest that's tough to swallow

But if at times my heart it seems
Like it's in the wrong place
It's probably 'cause it's on my sleeve
Keanu Reeves speed of life, avoid or veer
Or just steer toward it, we're only lookin' forward
But where we're goin', we have no idea

Nowhere to go, but hysterical, it's gettin' warm in here
I set the world on fire, was born to be an arsonist
Just one spark and it's lit
But I'mma still get dark on this shit
Told you I'd leave my mark on this bitch-war machine

But you forced me in a corner
I'm sure to have somethin' for your rear
And in the course of the assault as torture gets more severe
Go to war with me, you'll end up blew to Timbuktu
I send at you a ten-ton nuke like Kim Jong-Un
And end up ruinin' your career

But when all is said and done
And at the end of my run I'll just rewind clocks, forever young
Make time stop, will I ever fall off? That day will never come
Till the pine box, bitch, fuck you! I'm better than I ever was
Till the bomb drops, hope it never does
But I'm not gonna sweat it 'cause
This world's screwed, it's already fucked
And I'm on top, so everyone's just

Ashes blowing in the air (so we're...)
Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah
(We don't give a... no, no)
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never lookin' back and we're never getting old
'Cause the skies are black
But our heart's made of gold (golden)
Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told)
We're goin' nowhere fast

'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no
Goin' no, goin' no
Goin' no, goin' nowhere
We're on the run of our lives
Goin' nowhere fast

You can't tell us nothin'
Hard-headed and we're stubborn
So, one ear and out the other when we're young, we're young
(We're on the run of our lives)
Who knows what the future for us could hold
Another shooter? Uh oh
(We're on the run of our lives)
No more tomorrows, we're done
And all we are is-

Ashes blowing in the air (so we're...)
Our world's on fire, but we don't care (don't care, yeah)
(We don't give a... no, no)
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never lookin' back and we're never getting old
'Cause the skies are black
But our heart's made of gold (golden)
Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told)
We're goin' nowhere fast

(Post-Chorus: Kehlani)
'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no
Goin' no, goin' no
Goin' no, goin' nowhere
We're on the run of our lives
Goin' nowhere fast
Wanna take it from the top?

Lady, you remind me of my raps on that Relapse shit
'Cause you got an ass thick as them accents
Two asscheek implants, call that an asset
'Cause you could set a glass on it, it's massive

From the first time I saw you, I actually said to myself
"I gotta meet her" like a taxi
Exactly, love affair in the backseat
Sorry if I'm being graphic

But I'm stiff as a statue, you sat on a shelf
I feel like I'mma bust, maybe I'm just ahead of myself
Let me slow down, slow your Camaro
I'm tryna catch up, I'm tryna jump your bones to the marrow

Got me under your control and your spell
Wanna wrap you up, put you in a bow like an arrow
Grab you by the (meow), hope it's not a problem, in fact
About the only thing I agree on with Donald is that

So when I put this palm on your cat
Don't snap, it's supposed to get grabbed
Why do you think they call it a snatch?

I just wanna climb in the sack
I'ma keep it a hundred like my speedometer's at
I'm watchin' you rap, I'm the dude followin' back
About six cars, I'm in the 'lac, and I want to (ah)

All day, all day, all night
You ask, I stay the night
With you, you say you're fire
Me too, you're burning up, I'm running

All day, all night
You feel, my heat (fire)
Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel
My heat

Hate to inconvenience you at the convenience store
But them jeans you wore, like I've never seen before
I pretend I work there while I clean the floor
Checkin' you out, like the clerk while he rings you up
Pull up behind you when you're leavin'
And you don't even know it (ayo Rick, man)

She's brushin' her hair, adjustin' her mirror
She's rappin' my shit, but she wasn't aware
I was there, or maybe she was and just didn't care
Who knows? At least that ain't up in the air

It's somethin' to see
So like a chick who thinks her coochie don't stink
If she ain't plannin' to do shit this summer's eve
Maybe she wants to keep me company
But fuck the Pep&#xE9; Le Pew shit

"Ain't steppin' to you, bitch," I say to myself
Plus she's bumpin' my music, ain't chasin' no tail
Like a skunk in heat, I could sweat her to some degree
But fuck it, I'm the male, let her come to me
(Could you repeat that again?)
Let her come to me

Male sweater, heat, some degree, fail
Fuck it, pull up beside her
Sideswipe her, Dodge Vipe-her, with a so bright a
Ass that she wants a computer lodged in her vagina
Said my dick is an apple, she said put it inside her
I said

All day, all day, all night
You ask, I stay the night
With you, you say you're fire
Me too, you're burning up, I'm running

All day, all night
You feel, my heat (fire)
Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel
My heat

Black out, come to, hands covered in blood
Motherfuckin' gloves and a shovel stuck in the mud
I just bodied the beat, so that ho musta been dug
'Cause it just died like food coloring (duh)

So let's get turnt like a shish kabab
Twist it, ma, like an air-conditioning knob
We'd be great together, don't care if it takes forever
If I gotta wait, I guess it's better late than never

You felt my heat rubbin' off on ya
I love your personality, come on, little mama
You're hot enough to melt Rick's beat, come jump in the water
I bet you get your self-esteem from your persona

With an ass to match, girl, your body is lit
You're striking, I'm a gas, girl, you're
Just gonna have to put them other chumps on the back burner
You got buns, I got Asperger's

Just let me rest my head between that set of D's
While I shred MC's like cheddar cheese
That's just the thoroughbred in me, ain't a better breed
My dog thinks so too, look at my pedigree

Ma, the world is what I think of you
I think you're divine, so I might swing on you
I'm just kiddin', girl, I wouldn't lift a finger or two
Unless it's the middle one to finger you

All day, all day, all night
You ask, I stay the night
With you, you say you're fire
Me too, you're burning up, I'm running

Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel
My heat

On the ones and twos, to three or four in the mornin'
Rick's on the cut like Neosporin (what?)
He's mixin' it up for me and Lauren
A teddy like short for Theodore
We're outtie, five thousand
Who the fuck? It's my big dick
So everybody get ready right fucking now!
You claim if you get knocked by the cops
You'll give 'em not even a statement
Walk in the arraignment
Shoot the bailiff, karate kick the plaintiff

Gotti with the stainless
I'll just call it shoddy entertainment
If y'all was in the party gettin' faded
On molly, had the audience sedated

You wouldn't catch a body if it fainted
Probably let it fall and hit the pavement
But you'd be the first lobbyin' to claim it
Bitch, stop bein' a lame

Your hobby isn't robbery and dismemberin' body limbs
Like you was Tommy Lynn Sells
And chainsawin' them in the basement
Hardly fits your job description
Ain't nobody dippin' out the back of the club
Like, "Oh my God, he's trippin'!"
Only time you get the blade is probably with the dang lawn equipment, ain't it?
Wouldn't take a bobby pin and wave it

I need to stop bein' debated
You're still copyin', Xeroxing, I'm still copping a feel
Like Bill Cosby at will, popping a pill
Then spill Oxys in Jill's coffee
Then send her out to the hotel lobby a lil' wobbly and still groggy

This blonde fuck's reprehensible
Misconducts, never sensible
Kiss my butt, my set of principles
Is gone, but till I get the President to respond
My pen and pencil is a missile launcher
And send it to Mitch McConnell
Just as big of a bitch as Donald-shit's on, bruh

Let me sing this shit soprano
While I do it pizzicato
Ivanka, stiff arm her while I'm hittin' on Melania
And this song's for all ya

'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me
They want me to go eat some worms
(I hope you offended)
And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt
But I'ma make you eat your words
(I hope you offended)
You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up
'Cause you're only gonna make things worse
(I hope you offended)
'Cause I swear when I get up, I'm never gonna let up
Till everybody eats my turds

These drums and hard snares bring out the worst in me
Like Justin Ross Harris at a nursery
Goin' ham at candy yam on nanny cam
I'm gettin' handys with the zanny Xannys in the Caddy armrest
I'm imagining objects, so I'm batting cobwebs
From a daddy longleg

And Hamtramck, got the panoramic camera
Xanax, a banana hammock and a Santa hat
I'm smellin' like a damn mechanic
With a chick that looks like Janet Jackson with a Spanish accent
Twice your age and I'm actin' half it

Grow up? Nah, not that I know of, y'all
Basement just got a frickin' overhaul
Got a stripper pole installed
Started rollin' all through those Kolonopins like a bowlin' ball
Like an overdose on twice the ratio of Propofol
And go through no withdrawal
While I get fellatio and give a facial to
An interracial blow-up doll of Rachel Dolezal

You're so appalled ("Em..."), so's my manager
Bitch, I'm amateur, fuck a pro career
Coast is clear, but nowhere to go from here
And nobody's close, so don't compare
They ain't nowhere near, I'm way over here
My competition can't see me
'Cause I don't own a mirror

But Marshall, you are terrific, so smart and gifted
I'm so narcissistic, when I fart I sniff it
Do a fake dab to smell my armpits with it
Your anxiety's throwin' gang signs
But I made strides with these rape lines
I'm cuttin' back on women hate crimes
Like Ray Rice when he FaceTimes

Bang, bang, bang, bang time
Dang knives'll butcher them gay wives
You're gonna need sutures the same size
As the blade I push into caput'cha
When I pull 'em like

Sleigh rides
Gotta stab a bitch at least eight times to make it on Dateline
I came to stake my claim like a canine waitin' in a buffet line
So, Kellyanne Conway, I'm a really bad hombre
Come play, belly dance on me
I've been making wedding plans all day

'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me
They want me to go eat some worms
(I hope you offended)
And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt
But I'ma make you eat your words
(I hope you offended)
You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up
'Cause you're only gonna make things worse
(I hope you offended)
'Cause I swear when I get up, I'm never gonna let up
Till everybody eats my turds

Eight year old with the wordplay
Girl, take this pole like a survey
Today wasn't my birthday
But I'm caked up like a dessert tray
So we're in shape, 'cause you're in a slurrin' state
I'm a ten, you're an eight
Like what I do before, after and during rape

You wanna get into a pissin' contest and find out who's better?
And they made a fool out of what I pulled out him
R. Kelly with a full bladder
Non-high school grad, I'm not a scholar
But I'm so cold when I'm droppin' knowledge
My degrees is the same as I got in college (zero)
But nobody's hotter, you owe me my respect

I owe you nada like lodi partner that blow me
Told you I'm so dirty, homie, you can throw me in some holy water
With some floaties on and get the soap
And try to get the Pope to hold me while you hose me off
And nope, I won't be washed
You hope to God I don't explode
I gotta blow this spot up though, I got a lotta mo'
I won't put the sugar coating on it though

'Cause sometimes you can feel like your energy's expired
Rap's got you drained, dead tired, zapped
You feel like a wet pile of crap
But look, man, like the feds buggin' my phone
Uh huh, I get why you're tapped
But you gotta get your fire back
Catch fire, get upset and fire back

Is what I tell myself when times get bad
'Cause sometimes I might get sad
Well, I take the same advice I had
And tell myself like I used to tell Hailie when life's a drag
Told her to do like her dad: don't cry, get mad
'Cause little baby powders belong in diaper bags
I'm hyper, by the time you see this side of me
I'm right in your ass (sodomy)

'Fore the pen, I stood up for the kid
Who had to put up with the bullies at his school (at his school)
You ain't have to have no money
Or go shoppin' just to cop a fuckin' attitude
Now my dough's amountin' to a mountain
It's rised too high to count it
Never asked to be rich, all I did was wish
I had a dime for every time that I was doubted

But then I think about it then I'm enraged
'Cause I just figured out that if I was paid
For the time I spent to put the pen to the page
It'd be minimum wage

But it's embedded in my head
I never hunted for the bread and butter
What I wanted was to be the one that they was scared of but
I'm never gonna get the credit for the sweat and blood
I put up in the pen, and when I'm dead I wonder
Will they put me on a pedestal
Or forget I was ever this incredible
I guess I better go harder than ever
'Cause I'll never get another motherfuckin' opportunity again
To offend as many people with this I can, simply because I can

'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me
They want me to go eat some worms
(I hope you offended)
And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt
But I'ma make you eat your words
(I hope you offended)
You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up
'Cause you're only gonna make things worse
(I hope you offended)
'Cause I swear when I get up, I'm never gonna let up
Till everybody eats my turds
You're drunk, the carpet is burned
I hate to find you like this
I always find you like this
I come home and clean up your mess
What would you do without that?
Why do I always come back?
Oh, what I wouldn't do for you

And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me

Some nights I want to run for the hills
It's never easy with you
I cannot reason with you
But your smile is as rare as it comes
What would I do without that?
Maybe that's why I come back
Oh, what I wouldn't do for you

And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me

Startin' to think we were made for each other
But one of us in this relationship is raisin' the other
You remind me of my mother
We drive one another crazy as each other
And we're both adults so there's no excuse
For the games that we play with each other
Where you at? At a friend's? No, you ain't, motherfucker

But I give her the benefit of the doubt
Whenever the doubt kicks in, shiver when I touch her
'Cause I love her so much, I'm a sucker
Our bottom lip can quiver when she's in trouble
She's in hot water, think I caught her cheatin' again
Give her another chance? Another one after that?
I'm swimmin' in that Egyptian river, 'cause I'm in denial
Say I don't eat shit, but I got a shit-eatin' grin when I smile
Makin' an excuse for us to act it out
She's just actin' out, with her inner child

Then I set the truth on fire
'Cause I'd rather believe a lie
Than to breathe a sigh of relieve I don't believe in
Going to bed mad, I keep on tryin'
To make a bad girl good
But haven't I stood by you in good times?
And bad? I'm startin' to feel like your goddamn dad
'Cause I literally feel like you could die of a "should I
Leave you for good?"-so never would I
It'd be all bad, never understood why they call it goodbye
But I think I'm a pretty damn good guy
And you're a good person too
I can save you, I can make you change
But I keep puttin' my fuckin' foot in my mouth

Every time I gotta come and bail you out
When you get in trouble that you get yourself in
And I'm in trouble but I can't leave, I'll sell you out
I could never turn my fuckin' back on you, what is that?
I'm co-dependent, I'm just now noticin' it
But somehow it's like every time I'm about to go to end it

I ain't got the cojones to do it, nor the heart
Our apartment's tore apart
You're usin' my heart for a dartboard
But God must've aligned stars for us
'Cause somebody paired us up
And they say He ain't capable of makin' a mistake
But this one's perfect

'Cause I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
What's in your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie
What's in your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie, oh

I'm packin' up my shit, as much shit in the car as I can fit
And I'm just drivin' as far as I can get
Away from these problems till all of my sorrows I forget
What's tomorrow like? 'Cause tonight I'm startin' life again

Get to the corner and stop, fuck am I goin'?
Besides psycho when I fantasize startin' my whole life over
Yeah right, oh and I might go and
Get hypnotized so I don't even recognize no one

I try to look alive because there's nothin' like holdin'
Your head up high when you're dead inside and I just hide, so in
Case you're wonderin' why my inside's showin'
'Cause I done spilled all my guts and those are mine so I'm

Pickin' 'em up and stuffin' 'em back
Fuck it, I've done enough in this rap shit
Recovery brought me nothin' but back
To where I was and perhaps
This coulda been my victory lap if I wasn't on the verge of Relapse

What's in your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie
What's in your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie, oh

It seems to be the reoccurring main thing
The shit I would daydream as a kid, I was eighteen
I went from an irate teenager to still raging
Isn't it though amazing, back then I put anything

Into the rhyme, whether it was sad, mad, happy or angry
I spit it, the mainstream, I hit it
Yay me, I did it! Did what?
Hailie, baby, I didn't mean to make you eighty

Percent of what I rapped about
Maybe I shoulda did a better job at separating
Shady and entertaining from real life
But this dang thing is still the hardest thing to explain

It's the craziest shit I
Ever seen, and back then it was like I ain't even
Bothered taking into consideration
You one day being older and may hear me say things
I did it, pay me, and be, it just ain't me

Okay, so ladies and gentlemen let's strip away everything
And see the main reason that I feel like a lame piece of shit
Or should I sound cranky and bitter
Complain, beef and bicker 'bout the same things

'Cause when I look at me, I don't see what they see
I feel ashamed, greedy
And lately I've been contemplating
Escaping to get away and go wherever this road takes me
It's making me crazy what's in my

What's in your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie
What's in your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie, oh
I built this castle
Now we are trapped on the throne
I'm sorry we're alone
I wrote my chapter
You'll turn the page when I'm gone
I hope you'll sing along
This is your song

I just want you to know that I ain't scared
Whatever it takes to raise you, I'm prepared
To do whatever, to do whatever
December 1st, 1995, dear Hailie
This is your song

You'll be coming out of Mommy's stomach soon
I better do something quick if I'mma be able to support you
I can barely support me, but as long as you're healthy
That's all that matters for the time being
But obviously assuming you will be

Just thinking ahead, I'ma make it if it kills me
Let's see how far I can take it with this music
I'm getting sick of chasing this illusion
Sorry for sloppy writing
The pen in my hand is shaking, please excuse me

Dad's a little nervous, but at the same time excited
If I use this same energy while I'm saying rhymes and write 'em
With the same passion and the same exact enthusiasm
As I'm using in this letter, maybe they can feel me as I'm

Trying to build these castles out of sand, baby girl
For you to sit on the throne, I got plans, baby girl
Welcome to Mom and Dad's crazy world
Love, Daddy, maple-flavored kisses, buttered pancakes and syrup

I built this castle
Now we are trapped on the throne
I'm sorry we're alone
I wrote my chapter
You'll turn the page when I'm gone
I hope you'll sing along
This is your song

I just want you to know that I ain't scared
Whatever it takes to raise you, I'm prepared
To do whatever, to do whatever
December 1st, 1996, dear Hailie

You got your mama's personality, same eyes as I got
Her beautiful smile, but your ears are the same size as mine are
Sorry for that, a little minor mishap
But you'll grow into 'em, baby, I'm on the grind now

I'm doing little shows, open mics, all-nighters at studios
While I'm tryna keep the lights on
Why does it seem like I'm so close to this dream, yet so far?
I just keep steering, I'mma turn into someone

I haven't the slightest clue what I'mma do if it falls through
You took your first steps today, you'll probably walk soon
My Infinite CD flopped, too many soft tunes
They're talking bad about Dad, it's ticking me off too

Makes me feel like I don't belong or something, ooh
I think I might have just stumbled onto something new
Got a prediction for the future, I'm hoping that you
Open this envelope when you're older and it holds true

I built this castle
Now we are trapped on the throne
I'm sorry we're alone
I wrote my chapter
You'll turn the page when I'm gone
I hope you'll sing along
This is your song

I just want you to know that I ain't scared
Whatever it takes to raise you, I'm prepared
To do whatever, to do whatever
December 24th, 2007, dear Hailie

Now if you found these letters, I guess I better try to explain
A lot's happened in between them since I rised to this fame
I've said your name but always tried to hide your face
This game is crazy, I wanted to claim my love for you, but dang

I never knew it'd be like this, if I did I wouldn't have done it
You ain't asked for none of this shit, now you're being punished?!
Things that should've been private with me and your mother is public
I can't stomach, they can take this fame back, I don't want it

I'll put out this last album then I'm done with it
One-hundred percent finished
Fed up with it, I'm hanging it up, fuck it
Excuse the cursing, baby, but just know
That I'm a good person, though they portray me as cold

And if things should worsen, don't take this letter I wrote
As a goodbye note, 'cause your dad's at the end of his rope
I'm sliding down a slippery slope
Anyways sweetie, I better go
I'm getting sleepy, love, Dad... shit, I don't know
If I could rewind time like a tape
Inside a boombox, one day for every pill or Percocet that I ate
Cut down on the Valium, I'da heard everything
But death is turning so definite-wait

They got me all hooked up to some machine
I love you, being, didn't want you to know I was struggling
Feels like I'm underwater submerged like a submarine
Just heard that nurse say my liver and kidneys aren't functioning

Been flirtatious with death, skirt-chasing, I guess
It's arrivederci, same nurse, just heard say they're unplugging me
And it's your birthday, Jade, I'm missing your birthday
Baby girl, I'm sorry, I fucking hate when you hurt, Hai

And sweeties, thank you for waiting to open gifts
But, girls, you can just open 'em
Dad ain't making it home for Christmas
Wish I had the strength to just blow a kiss
I go to make a fist, but I can't make one, I'm frozen stiff

I yell, but nothing comes out, I'm crying inside, I shout
My vocal cords won't permit me, I scream, but it's not aloud
You put your arm around Mama to calm her, wow
I just thought about the aisle, I'll never get to walk us down

Never see you graduate in your caps and gowns
It's 'bout to be 2008, how's this happening now?
I've got so much more to do
And, Proof, I'm truly sorry if I let you down, but this tore me in two

The thought of no more me and you
You gave me shoes, Nikes like new for me for school
Doody, I'm trying, but you, you were the glue that binded
So many things-time, I'd give anything to rewind it

I had to walk down my halls and constantly be reminded
By pictures all on my walls and I couldn't sleep at night 'cause
That image burned in my brain of you on that table
Me falling across your body, not able to stand to save you

God, why did you take him?
I'm tryna keep his legacy alive, but I'm dying, where's Nathan?
Little ladies, be brave, take care of your mother
Smile pretty for pictures, always cherish each other

I'll always love ya and I'll be in the back of your memory
And I know you'll never forget me
Just don't get sad when remembering
And, little bro, keep making me proud
You better marry that girl 'cause she's faithfully down

And when you're exchanging those sacred vows
Just know that if I could be there, I would
And should you ever see parenthood, I know you'll be good at it
Oh, almost forgot to do something, thank my father too
I actually learned a lot from you
You taught me what not to do

And, Mom, wish I'd have had the chance
To have one last heart-to-heart honest and open talk with you
Doody, I see you, I go to walk to you
And I can feel my soul leave my body and float across the room

Nurses lean over the bed, pulling tubes out
Then the sheet over my head, shut the room down
Girls, please don't get upset
I see them cheeks soaking and wet
As you squeeze hold of my neck, so forcibly, don't wanna let

Me go, pillow drenched, emotional wrecks
With every second, each closer to death
But suddenly I feel my heart begin to beat slow
Then a breath, machines go
Must've guessed the cheat codes to this shit

I'm tryna rewind time like a tape
Find an escape, make a beeline, try and awake
From this dream, I need to re-find my inner strength
To remind me, even if a steep climb I must take
To rewrite a mistake, I'm rewinding the tape

Part II: Castle Extended

(I don't want it)
I'll put out this last album, then I'm done with it
One hundred percent finished, fed up with it
I'm hanging it up, fuck it!
Excuse the cursing, baby, but just know
That I'm a good person, though they portray me as cold

And if things should worsen, but I bet you they won't
I'm pledging to throw this methadone in the toilet
Shred these old letters I wrote
All that old pathetic loathing, closing credits can roll
I'm proud to be back

I'm 'bout to, like a rematch, outdo Relapse
With Recovery, Mathers LP2
Help propel me to victory laps
Gas toward 'em and fast forward the past
Consider the last four minutes as

The song I'da sang to my daughters
If I'da made it to the hospital less than two hours later, but I fought it
And came back like a boomerang on 'em
Now a new day is dawnin'
I'm up, Tuesday, it's mornin'-now I know
Yo
Yo, I'm just gonna write down my first thoughts and see where this takes me
'Cause I feel like I wanna punch the world in the fuckin' face right now

Yeah, let me explain just how to make greatness
Straight out the gate, I'm 'bout to break you down
Ain't no mistakes allowed, but make no mistake I'm 'bout
To rape the alphabet, I may raise some brows
If I press the issue just to get the anger out (blllt)
Full magazine could take Staples out
Savage but ain't thinking 'bout no bank account
But bitch I'm off the chain like Taylor Brown
Motherfucker, shut the fuck up when I'm talkin', lil' bitch
I'm sorry, wait, what's your talent? Oh, critiquin'
My talent? Oh, bitch I don't know who the fuck y'all are
To give a sub-par bar
Even have an opinion if you, you mention me
Millions of views, attention the news
I mention you, lose-lose for me, win-win for you
Billions of views, your ten cents are two
Skim through the music to give a shit reviews
To get clicks, but bitch, you just lit the fuse
Don't get misconstrued, business as us'
Shit-list renewed, so get shit to do
Or get dissed 'cause I just don't get what the fuck half the shit is that you're listening t-to
Do you have any idea how much I hate this choppy flow
Everyone copies though? Probably no
Get this fuckin' audio out my Audi, yo, adios
I can see why people like Lil Yachty, but not me though
Not even dissin', it just ain't for me
All I am simply is just an emcee
Maybe "Stan" just isn't your cup of tea
Maybe your cup's full of syrup and lean
Maybe I need to stir up shit, preferably shake the world up if it were up to me
Paul wants me to chill, y'all want me to ill
I should eat a pill, probably I will
Old me kill the new me, watch him bleed to death
I breathe on the mirror, I don't see my breath
Possibly I'm dead, I must be possessed
Like an evil spell, I'm E-V-I-L (evil, but spelled)
Jam a Crest white strip in the tip of my dick with an ice pick
Stick it in a vice grip, hang it on a spike fence
Bang it with a pipe wrench
While I take my ballsack and flick it like a light switch
Like vice-president Mike Pence
Back up on my shit in a sidekick as I lay it on a spike strip
These are things that I'd rather do than hear you on a mic
Since nine-tenths of your rhyme is about ice and
Jesus Christ man, how many times is someone gonna fuck on my bitch? (Fuck my side chick!)
You will never see Em icy, but as cold as I get on the M-I-C
I polarize shit so the Thames might freeze
And your skull might split like I bashed you upside it
Bitch I got the club on smash like a nightstick (yeah)
Turn down for what? I ain't loud enough
Nah, turn the valium up
'Cause I don't know how I'm gonna get your mouths to shut now
When it doesn't matter what caliber I spit at
I'll bet a hundred thousand bucks you'll just turn around and just be like
"Man, how the fuck sourpuss gonna get mad just 'cause his album sucks and now he wants to take it out on us?" (ooh)
But last week, an ex-fan mailed me a copy of The Mathers LP to tell me to study
It'll help me get back to myself and she'll love me (ooh)
I mailed the bitch back and said if I did that
I'd just be like everyone else in the fucking industry
Especially an effing Recovery clone of me
So finger-bang, chicken wang, MGK, Iggy 'zae
Lil Pump, Lil Xan imitate Lil Wayne
I should aim at everybody in the game, pick a name
I'm fed up with being humble
And rumor is I'm hungry
I'm sure you heard bumblings
I heard you wanna rumble like an empty stomach
I heard your mumbling but it's jumbled in mumbo-jumbo
The era that I'm from will pummel you
That's what it's comin' to
What the fuck are you gonna do, where you runnin' to?
I'm gonna crumble you and I'll take a number two
And dump on you if you ain't Joyner
If you ain't Kendrick or Cole
Or Sean then you're a goner
I'm 'bout to bring it to anyone in this bitch who want it
I guess when you walk into BK, you expect a Whopper
You can order a quarter pounder when you go to McDonald's
But if you're lookin' to get a porterhouse you better go get Revival
But y'all are acting like I tried to serve you up a slider
Maybe the vocals should have been auto-tuned and you would have bought it
But sayin' I no longer got it 'cause you missed the line and never caught it
'Cause it went over your head, because you're too stupid to get it
'Cause you're mentally retarded but pretend to be the smartest
With your expertise and knowledge, but you'll never be an artist
And I'm harder on myself than you could ever be, regardless
What I'll never be is flawless, all I'll ever be is honest
Even when I'm gone they're gonna say I brought it
Even when I hit my forties like a fuckin' alcoholic
With a bottle full of malt liquor
But I couldn't bottle this shit any longer
The fact that I know that I'ma hit my bottom if I don't
Pull myself from the jaws of defeat
And rise to my feet
I don't see why y'all even started with me
I get impeached
My enemies die
I don't ceasefire till at least all are deceased
I'm eastside, never be caught slippin'
Now you see why I don't sleep
Not even a wink, I don't blink
I don't doze off, I don't even nod to the beats
I don't even close my fuckin' eyes when I sneeze
"Aw, man!
That BET cypher was weak, it was garbage
The Thing ain't even orange
Oh my God, that's a reach"
Shout to all my colorblind people
Each and every one of y'all
If you call a fire engine green, aquamarine
Or you think water is pink
"Dawg, that's a date"
"Looks like an olive to me"
"Look, there's an apple"
"No it's not, it's a peach!"
So finger-bang, Pootie Tang, Burger King, Gucci Gang, dookie, dang
Charlamagne gonna hate anyway
Doesn't matter what I say
Give me Donkey of the Day
What a way for 2018 to get underway
But I'm gonna say everything that I wanna say
Welcome to the slaughterhouse, bitch! (yeah)
Invite them in like a one a day
I'm not done (preach)
'Cause I feel like the beast of burden
That line in the sand, was it even worth it?
'Cause the way I see people turnin'
Is makin' it seem worthless
It's startin' to defeat the purpose
I'm watchin' my fan base shrink to thirds
And I was just trying to do the right thing, but word
Has the court of public opinion reached a verdict
Or still yet to be determined?
'Cause I'm determined to be me, critique the worship
But if I could go back, I'd at least reword it
And say I empathize with the people this evil serpent sold the dream to that he's deserted
But I think it's workin'
These verses are makin' him a wee bit nervous
And he's too scared to answer me with words
'Cause he knows that he will lyrically get murdered
But I know at least he's heard it
'Cause Agent Orange just sent the Secret Service
To meet in person
To see if I really think of hurtin' him
Or ask if I'm linked to terrorists
I said, "Only when it comes to ink and lyricists"
But my beef is more media journalists
(Hold up, hold up, hold up)
I said my beef is more meaty, a journalist
They can get a mouthful of flesh
And yes, I mean eating a penis
'Cause they been panning my album to death
So I been giving the media fingers
Don't wanna turn this to a counselling sesh
But they been puttin' me through the ringer
So I ain't ironin' shit out with the press
But I just took this beat to the cleaners
Motherfuckers talkin' crazy (yeah), sayin' I should quit (yeah)
I fuckin' tell them make me (bitch), eat a fuckin' dick (yeah)
I'm feelin' like the greatest (woo), wanna be whoever did it
Mike Will the one who made it, it's Shady on the lyrics

I'm somewhat outlandish they say
You say that we're cut from the same cloth but I guess you fabricate, eh?
You better bring more men than the latter day saints
Manic states, even padded with automatic stay pray
Gat anything that may stay in their way
As I stand at the bay window with a hand grenade
And a tray eh, at the Mandalay Bay
Common sense, I'm a dollar short and a day late
James Holmes at the Saturday Batman matinee
Must have missed my cat-scan that day
I just threw a Tampax at Dre
Trashcan tasks cam and ashtray
I'm turning back to a madman can't take anymore
But I try to get away from the anger and rage my basic alias is an A to the K
Get your ass spayed like bidets breakin' your legs ain't givin' ways ankle
The ways you chumps don't even know how to do somethin' to give goosebumps a day when you say
That somethin' you won't give someone a lump in their throat if you had them choked up you'd be yankin' my chain
Feelin' like I'm headed for a padded cell the-
Bar for me what I rap, is it there?
But, guess that's the standard I'm held to
But if somethin' like that doesn't tell you
You set a mark too high when platinum sales are looked at as a failure
But you better take it back to the shelter and Hamburger Helper 'cause dammit I'm still the...

Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world
(No lie) I might be
The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
I feel like the greatest joker to honkey sounding like me
Never be as good, never be as good
Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, but what?
I'm the greatest

So you sold 10 million albums, eh? (What?)
Only problem is, you put out 10 million albums, eh? (Haha)
Wait, what was I just about to say?
Oh yeah, let me get this out the way
I know there's people that are pissed about the way I misprounouced a name
"Die antwoord!"
Fuck! I still can't say the shit
But how quickly they forget who the fuck I was
Now ninja try to duck my slugs to let ya girl get fucked by monks
I'd like to give a shout to Cypress
This can't be real, you dissed me and I was just tryin' to give you a shout
Now get the fuck out my rhyme book
No more shiners, already too much time tokin' rappers
I hear you talkin' shit, I'm just too big to respond to it
God forbid I forget, go and jump out the window, somebody better child-proof it
'Cause if I lose it we can rewind to some old Ja Rule shit
And I can remind motherfuckers I'll do shit
You don't got the tools, I got my toolkit, I bullshit you not
Y'all fools just forgot that I'm so fuckin' awful with the thoughts
And when I'm hostile and impossible to stop
So you call it an Austral 'cause it's not-gonna-ever
I'll never let up on the pedal might as well get the mop
'Cause I'm wiping everyone up in this genre
'Cause on the mic I fee like I'm the...

Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world
(No lie) I might be
The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
I feel like the greatest joker to honkey sounding like me
Never be as good, never be as good
Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, but what?
I'm the greatest

Oh yeah and one more thing I want to mention
Is you're one dimension
I'm a monkey wrench and I can flunk detention
I love contentions so welcome to the gun convention
Muscles flexin', gotta strut like I flunked suspension
And you just stuck the key up in the ignition
And gave me enough gas to flood my engine (yeah)
Psychopath, Michael's Jack's blowin' up like a raft
I just slapped ISIS with a ISIS flag, bet you I come back twice as bad (uh)
Revival didn't go viral!
Denaun and Royce tell me that I should take the high road
Fuck that I'm finna hip back till I run out of gun powder and split the scene
Hold the mic like similar to pistol squeeze
And I shoot from the hip when I grip them things
And my lips and the clips got the cig lit like it's nicotine drinking,  gets mean
Bars on these boys when I split them schemes
That's why I call the motherfuckers M-16's
Float like a butterfly, I'ma sting like a bee you ain't harming a thing
I get a day hard as I'm gonna swing, I'm gonna need to put my arm in a sling
But like a wedding band you gotta be diamond to even climb in the ring
An anomaly, I'm Muhammad Ali 'cause I know one day I'm gonna be the

Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world
(No lie) I might be
The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
I feel like the greatest joker to honkey sounding like me
Never be as good, never be as good
Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, but what?
I'm the greatest
Whoa, Joyner, Joyner, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, I done did a lot of things in my day, I admit it
I don't take back what I say, if I said it then I meant it
All my life I want a Grammy but I'll prolly never get it
I ain't never had no trophy or no motherfuckin' ribbon
Fuck the system, I'm that nigga, bend the law, cut the rules
I'm about to risk it all, I ain't got too much to lose
Y'all been eatin' long enough, it's my turn to cut the food
Pass the plate! Where my drink? This my day, lucky you
Fuck you too, woo!

Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move
Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice
Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, hop out and shoot
Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, give me the juice

Back on my bullshit, my back to the wall
Turn my back on you, all of you finished
Back to these bullets, it's back to the job
Pull my MAC out and all of you runnin'
Back on my hood shit, it's back to the pushin'
These packs and I'm actually pumpin'
Can't fuck with you rappers, you practically suckin'
You mighta went platinum, but that don't mean nothin'
I'm actually buzzin' this time
Straight out the kitchen, I told 'em the oven is mine
I do not fuck with you guys
If I don't kill you, just know you gon' suffer this time
I ain't no gangster but I got some bangers
Some chains and some blades and a couple of knives
Choppers and jammies, a partridge, a pear tree
My twelve days of Christmas was nothin' but lies
I run at you hard like a sumo (sumo)
They say I talk like a chulo (chulo)
I live in Mars, I'm not Bruno (woo)
Bitch I'm a dog, call me Cujo (rah)
You play your cards, I reverse on you all
And I might just drop all like a Uno (bup)
C&#xE1;llate boca mejor, maric&#xF3;n, little puto, and all of you culo
They've invented a level off in the ghetto to ghetto
Lookin' for somethin' I prolly can never find now
Shit get relevant until the beef die down
In truth a nigga just really want me tied down
I've been alone and I never needed nobody
Just only me and my shawty, I'll tell these niggas to lie down
Keep all of the money, I never wanted the lifestyle
I just pray to God that my son'll be alright now
I said ain't no love for the other side
Or anyone who ever want smoke (Joyner)
When I die, I'm goin' out as the underdog who never lost hope
You in the wrong cab down the wrong path
Nigga, wrong way, wrong road
Snakes in the grass tryna slither fast
I just bought a fuckin' lawn mower

I have said a lotta things in my day, I admit it
This is payback in a way, I regret it that I did it
I done won a couple Grammys but I sold my soul to get 'em
Wasn't in it for the trophies, just the fuckin' recognition
Fuck's the difference?
I'm that cracker, bend the law, fuck the rules
Man I used to risk it all, now I got too much to lose
I been eatin' long enough, man my stomach should be full
I just ate, lick the plate, my buffet, lucky me
Fuck you think? (woo!)

I got a couple of mansions
Still I don't have any manners
You got a couple of ghost writers
But to these kids it don't actually matter
They're askin' me, "What the fuck happened to hip-hop?"
I said, "I don't have any answers."
'Cause I took an L when I dropped my last album
It hurt me like hell but I'm back on these rappers
And actually comin' from humble beginnings
I'm somewhat uncomfortable winning
I wish I could say "What a wonderful feeling!"
We're on the upswing like we're punchin' the ceiling
But nothin' is sealing, like anyone has any fuckin' ability
To even stick to a subject, it's killin' me
The inability to pin humility
Hatata batata, why don't we make a bunch of fuckin'
Songs about nothin' and mumble!
And fuck it, I'm goin' for the jugular
Shit is a circus, you clowns that are comin' up
Don't give an ounce of a motherfuck
About the ones that were here before you to make raps, it's recap
Way back, MC's that wreak havoc on tape decks
ADAT's with the G raps and Kane's hat
We need 3 stacks ASAP, and bring Masta Ace back
Because half of these rappers have brain damage
All the lean rappin', face tats, syruped out like tree sap
I don't hate trap, and I don't wanna seem mad
But in fact with a old-me at the same cat
That would take that feedback and aim back, I need that
But I think it's inevitable
They know a button to press or a lever to pull
They give me the snap though (bitch)
And if I payin' attention I'm probably makin' it bigger
But you've been takin' the dicks in the fuckin' back, ho (get it?)
On the brink in a minute
Got me thinkin' of finishin' everything
With acetaminophen then reapin' the benefits
I'm asleep at the wheel again
As I peak into thinkin' about an evil intent
Of another beat I'ma kill again
'Cause even if I gotta end up eating a pill again
Even ketamine or methamphetamine with the minithin
It better be at least 70 to 300 milligram
And I might as well 'cause I'ma end up bein' a villain again
Levels to this shit, I got an elevator
You could never say to me I'm not a fuckin' record breaker
I sound like a broken record every time I break a record
Nobody could ever take away the legacy, I made a navigator
Motherfucker know I got a right to be this way
I got spite inside my DNA
But I wrote till the wheels fall off, I'm workin' tirelessly, ay
It's the moment y'all been waitin' for
Like California wishin' rain would pour
And that drought y'all have been prayin' for
My downfall from the 8 Mile to the Southpaws
Still the same Marshall that outlaw
That they say is a rider mighta fell off
But back on that bull like the cowboys

So y'all gotta move (yeah), y'all gotta move (yeah), y'all gotta move
Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice
Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, hop out and shoot
Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, give me the juice
As heard on The Slim Shady LP
Watch video at YouTubeDQbOzZ6zHdw|209|252

Em, What's goin' on, this is Paul Rosenberg, your faithful attorney at law.
Listen, I listened to the rough copy of your album and uhh, you know I just gotta be honest with you.
Could you tone it down a little bit, because there's only so much I can explain.
Gimme a call.

As heard on The Marshall Mathers LP

Em, what's goin' on, it's Paul.
Uhh, Dre gave me a copy of the new album, and I just... *sigh*
Fuck it.
*Hangs Up*

As heard on The Eminem Show
Watch video at YouTubeVL75Lf027B8|209|252

Em, it's Paul.
Listen, Joel just called me and he said you're in the fuckin' back behind his studio,
shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting range.
I told you not to fuckin' bring your gun around, like an idiot, outside of your home.
You're gonna get yourself in trouble.
Don't bring your gun outside of your home you can't carry it on you.
Leave your fucking gun at home.
*Hangs up*

As heard on Encore
Watch video at YouTubeKtbOED0Ag4o|209|252

Hey Em, it's Paul.
Uh, listen I just got a call from the label, and you're probably not gonna be surprised but uhm,
Michael Jackson is extremely upset about the Just Lose It video.
And uhm, I mean he's pissed, so I-I don't know what he's gonna do, but we gotta talk about how we're gonna handle this. Uhm...
Oh yeah, anyway, somebody told me that, uhm, they heard a rumor that you got a new gun, uhm.
I know it's probably not true, but I just need to talk to you about that. So, uh, give me a call. *Hangs Up*

As heard on Relapse
Watch video at YouTubeyrQlqJhAfOQ|209|252

Em, it's Paul.
Uhm, I just listened to the entire album.
And you gotta be fucking kidding me.
I mean with this Christopher Reeve shit, you know the guy's dead right?
And then the whole gay, step-father incest rape thing?
I don't have your back on this one, I can't even fuckin' handle it.
I'm done.
*Hangs Up*
Yo, how do I keep
(Man, I don't know what's up with these hoes, man)
Getting in relationships like this?
(I'm just sayin')
Maybe it says something about me
(Yeah, yup)
Should I look in the mirror?

I just want you to be normal
Why can't you bitches be normal?
Always gotta be so extra
Why you always need a lecture?
My ex hates to talk, she's a texter
Even when I'm in bed layin' right next to her
Wants to get back together
Said not till she gets her act together

She thinks I'm bein' mean and now
She starts to scream and shout
She's about to let the demons out
She don't want to see me with other females out
I tell the bitch to beat it, take the scenic route
She retaliates by tryin' to leave the house
In an evening gown with her cleavage out
We've been down this road too many times for me to count
And all I can think is how-

I just want you to be normal
Why can't you bitches be normal?
Always gotta be so extra
Like a fuckin' terrestrial
Guess it comes with the territory
My ex girl, she just declared war
Therefore, I better prepare for it
I guess bein' weird's normal

And I don't know what's got a hold of me
Most notably I've been zonin' to Jodeci
I'm totally open, hopelessly devoted
So much so that I bet you she don't know that she's
The first thing I think of when I wake up
And the last thing I think of 'fore I go to sleep
Sike, hope she don't notice me goin' through her purse
I know she cheats, so do I, I'm soulless, she's heartless
No wonder we're partners
Both got hundreds of charges
Domestic disputes but we've always
Swept it under the carpet
Even when 911 gets the call that
I slipped up and busted her jaw with
A Louisville Slugger 'cause all's it
Really does is make our love
For each other grow stronger
She won me over the second she tried to run me over
Told her I'd keep it a hun'
We over; kicked her out, called her back, now she's coming over
But why is she so wicked?
And how the fuck did I get so twisted?
I'm with someone so unlikeable and shifty
We're like nitrogen and hydrogen mixed with
Ignitable liquids, but I'm finally seeing
She's only mine for the time being
That's why I keep bringin' up that one time she
Tried to two-time me
And throw it up in her face till I dry heave
How could I be so naive?
Should I leave or turn this entire evening
Into a motherfucking crime scene?

Maybe I'm just too ugly to compete with him
You weren't supposed to agree, you fucking bitch!
Especially when you're the one cheated first
Now the argument immediately becomes heated
You don't want me to flip, little conceded cunt
Eat a monkey dick wrapped in a stuffed pita fajita
Slut, treat it just like a drum, beat it
Complete it, and once you've succeeded, repeat it!
I love you but I hope you fuckin' die though
In our business your friends like to pry so
You've got 'em all under cover just like moles
Hopin' they'll come back with intel
But I'm the one who's thrown into the spiral
'Cause now the roles are reversed so here I go
Thinkin' I'm sly as I scroll through your iPhone
Who the fuck's Milo?
The guy at work who drives a hi-lo
I put a tracking device on your Chrysler
And follow you while you drive home
But like a cyclone, I just got my disguise blown
You recognize me and had Milo flip me off
Right out the passenger side window
I hit a light pole, you skrt off
And then pull up at 5am in the drive in a stretched white limo
Stumble in the side door and hit me head with Milo's demo
But like a drunk bum, what do I know?
Let's sleep on it like they did Revival
I told you you're the apple of my eye so shut your pie hole

Just wanna be normal
Why can't you be normal? (yeah)
I just wanna be normal
Why can't you be normal?
Aye yo Paul, it's Em
I got your call about the Michael Jackson thing
And I know that he's not thrilled about the video
What does he wanna be startin' somethin'?
Well I'll show him who's really bad

Paul, the way you make me feel with these calls
You should really take a look at the man in the mirror and tell him to beat it because I won't stop till I get enough
Do you remember the time we were watching the Billy Jean video?
Well he'll always be that Michael to me, and it doesn't matter if he's black or white
Because I can't stop loving him
And I hate plastic surgeons, and I hope they all fucking die

How do you like that?
And I like him, I like him a lot
I want to touch him, but I can't

Excuse me, I'm taking a shit, sorry

Anyways, call me back, I have this idea about how I want to end the show
So, hit me when you get this message, fucker
Oh, and by the way, no I don't have a new gun (Goddamn it)
Its 2002, everything was totally new
We were globally huge
Watching sales go through the roof
We wrote and we viewed it
Runyon Avenue soldiers included
A multitude of homies who would bounce for no good excuse
We were so bulletproof wrote, souped and soaked in our youth
Thought we was running shit till we lost the sole of our shoe
The death of Doody broke us in two
We were thrown for a loop, ain't none of us know what to do
And at the time I was going through my own struggles too
So I wasn't in no condition to be coaching us through
Everyone tried to go solo, really nobody blew
I was hoping they do so I ain't have to shoulder the group
The plan was put everyone in position so that they knew
How to stand on they own and I don't want to open up wounds
I just noticed the oomf was gone when we go in the booth
Cause the truth is the moment that Proof died, so did the group

If I could leave this world behind
I could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line
Turn to the river with you
Help me leave this all behind

I'ma wash away my sins
I'ma rinse away this dirt
I forgot to make amends
To all the friends I may have hurt
I better stop and say my grace
From that I pray that I don't fall
'Cause on the way back down I may
May end up running back into them all
I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones

It was never the same, and it's bothered me since
And the farther we drift apart the more awkward it gets
The more time goes by, the more life happens
And we gotta be men, we got responsibilities
Plus we don't say how we feel, and I feel like this is what got us in
The debacle we're in, been with you guys thick and thin
But it's almost as if sometimes we're not even friends
Which reminded me Biz, Rockstar was the shit
Y'all could've got you a hit without me on the shit
If you've put D12 on it, wish I could've did
More than try talking you into coming up off of it
I know it wasn't my fault, but part of it probably is
I think of all of the trips to BET and the rappers
I wish that we would've politicked with
Maybe y'all coulda clicked and got you some features
But that's water under the bridge
But I'm washing my sins in it till my conscious is clear

If I could leave this world behind
I could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line
Turn to the river with you
Help me leave this all behind

I'ma wash away my sins
I'ma rinse away this dirt
I forgot to make amends
To all the friends I may have hurt
I better stop and say my grace
From that I pray that I don't fall
'Cause on the way back down I may
May end up running back into them all
I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones

Bacardi in hand
Never thought the party would end
One minute you're bodyin' shit but then your audience splits
You can already sense the climate is starting to shift
To these kids you no longer exist
Went from rainin' cats and dogs in this bitch
To tiny drops full of drips
And by the time your reign is over, you'll hardly be missed
You start thinkin' of all the artists you gift
All the carnage you left
Is this the kinda karma you get?
For turning your fuckin' back on Bizzy, Kuniva and Swift
A Freudian slip
Subconsciously, I honestly wished
I ain't feel so much guilt and y'all didn't harbor resentment
But it's hard to pretend that y'all ain't got none of this
Wish I had words

But I guess they're just ownin' for this
Still, my point is I just can't say how sorry I am
This is not how I planned for our story to end
I love all of you, men
But I just can't be the guy
Everybody depends on for entire careers
'Cause that's not even fair
I will always be here
But that spark isn't there
And I don't know how to recapture that time and that air
I've tried hearkening back to
But I'm fighting for air
I'm barely charting myself
Feels like I'm under the sink

But it was not my intent
To treat y'all like a stepping stone
Though I ain't left no one behind
But we been down every road
Done all we possibly can
I know we kept up our hopes
But the longer we spend livin' this lie that we live
The less is left for closure, so let's let this go
It's not goodbye to our friendship, but D12 is over

I'ma wash away my sins
I'ma rinse away this dirt
I forgot to make amends
To all the friends I may have hurt
I better stop and say my grace
From that I pray that I don't fall
'Cause on the way back down I may
May end up running back into them all
I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones
I never meant to make you feel like my stepping stones
I never meant to use you all for my stepping stones
Tay Keith, fuck these niggas up
Yeah

Brain dead, eye drops
Pain meds, cyclops
They bed, iPod
Maybach, my bach
Trainwrecks, sidewalks
Pay less, high-tops
K-Fed, iHop
Playtex, ice spots
That's how much we have in common (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (whoa!)
Up on this mic, we were on it
That's how much we have in common (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (woo!)
That's how much we have in common
We are not alike, there's not alike us on the mic (yeah!)

I don't do Jordans and Audemars
I do explosions and Molotovs
Y'all blowing smoke as if y'all ain't washed
I blow the smoke from the car exhaust
Flying to a party I am not invited to, feeling like the streets need me (whoa)
I ain't gotta dance as long as my Ferrari Spyder move, like C Breezy
I don't gotta hire goons, I'd rather try to buy the moon, and breathe freely
The sky is blue, the tie is new, the Masarati white and cool like G-Eazy
While these dudes tryna figure out how to do a freestyle as fly as me
I'm confused trying to figure out how to do Capri styles, am I a G?
Everybody doing chick joints, probably rob these little dudes at fist point
Remember everybody used to bite Nickel, now everybody doing Bitcoin
We don't got nothing in common (no)
We don't got nothing in common (no)
Y'all in the stuff like doubled-up Styrofoam cups on them uppers-and-downers (woo!)
I'm into stuff like doubling commas
Find me a brother who's solid
To count the shit up, then bust the shit down
When the cops set us up, we can flush the shit down
We can no give a fuck, shit, a fucking Kehlani
Selling your cock and your butt for a follower
Possible cup, for dollars you powder sniff
Now you're slipping, call it a power trip
A product of politics
Y'all went from profit and topping the charts
To dropped in the park in a pile of shit
Knowledge is power, but powerless if you got it and you do not acknowledge it
Y'all music sound like Dr. Seuss inspired it
Hiring strippers, prostitutes retiring
We can spit it for ya it vans
I'm fit to be king, you're cut out to fit in prince pants
You niggas

Brain dead, eye drops
Pain meds, cyclops
They bed, iPod
Maybach, my bach
Trainwrecks, sidewalks
Payless, high-tops
K-Fed, iHop
Playtex, ice spots
That's how much we have in common (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (whoa!)
Up on this mic, we we're on it
That's how much we have in common (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (woo!)
That's how much we have in common
We are not alike, there's not alike us on the mic (yeah!)

You say you're affiliated with murderers, killers (ay)
The people you run with are fucking (gang)
But you're just a wanna be gunner (gang)
Like you was gonna do something
Acting like you catching bodies (ay)
And you got juice, lil youngin', you're bugging
You ain't never even been charged in connection with battery, bitch, you ain't plugged in nothing
Rap god spit lyrical bullets (boom)
And gats cock, your partners better tool up
This has not to do with muscular
But have guns for sure, you better put up
Strap on, in other words if you're a gunner
Roll up with your (gang)
You're gon' need a arsenal
'Cause this bar is over your head
So you better have arms if you're gonna pull up (skrt)
Oh, you run the streets, huh?
Now you wanna come and fuck with me, huh?
This little cock-sucker, he must be feeling himself
He wants to keep up
It's tough to me now, so he does a feature
Decides to team up with Nina
But next time you don't gotta use Tech N9ne if you wanna come at me with a sub-machine gun
And I'm talking to you but you already know who the fuck you are, Kelly
I don't use sublims and sure as fuck don't sneak-diss
But keep commenting on my daughter Hailie
I keep on telling motherfucker, bitches, in case you forgot
Really I need jaw memories, jaw like strawberry or pineapple, apricot jelly
I respond, really, but this time Shady 'bout to sound off like a fucking cocked semi Glock
Demi god, let me put a silencer on this little non-threatening blond fairy, cornball taking shots at me
You're not ready, fool, break yourself like Rocksteady Crew
Obviously, I'm not getting through
We can get it poppin' like Redenbach, letting off like Remy Ma
Heavy artillery, gotta deal a harsh with a hard shell
Put a motherfucking heart in bigger than Bizarre's belly
Only time you'll ever say, I lost
You'll be talking 'bout Fetty Wap, better call Diddy
Just to try to get me off and you better hope I don't call Trick Trick
Bitch, this shit don't fly in our city
Punk, you don't disrespect OG's, R.I.P. Prodigy
Soldier in my soul and I told them the moment he signed me that I'll be the most hated, dumb-hated soldier
There's no shame, it's okay to own it 'cause life is a bitch, it's a bow-legged hoe
But now days are over, I Harvey Weinstein, a bathrobe hanging over
My code name is groper, I roleplay with lotion
I fucked the whole world then I throw away the Trojan
Olay the hoes like with home-made explosives, I blow eighty holes in you
Don't make me go in, I OJ the flows and I'm insult to injury
Roll dice to globe in and I'm (??) tryna throw in (?)
They both hate to choke and my hoe play the (?)
And I double-edge sworded 'cause one place I poke and I stick and I turn and I rotating motion
Invisible with the pen, I'm at the pinnacle of sick individuals, take my dick and put the tip in
At minimal, I'm fucking these syllables
I let them lick on my genitals
I'm a fucking invisible, indefensible, despicable difficult prick, a little bit unpredictable
I spit the formiddable, that you're bitches are fucking with the original
I can say that me and Nickel are identical
But not us, the only thing we have in common is I'm a dick and you suck
Otherwise one has nothin' to do with the other
None comes close to
Skunk, bug, solider
Tongue, shrub, shoulder
One mother older
Sponge, mob, colder
None, rug, hoaster
Lug, nut, coaster
Lung, jug roaster
Young Thug poster
Unplugged toaster

That's how much we have in common (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (whoa!)
Up on this mic, we were on it (yeah)
That's how much we have in common (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (woo!)
That's how much we have in common
We are not alike, there's not alike us on the mic
(Man, fuck this shit; let's go)
You know, everybody's been tellin' me what they think about me for the last few months
It's too loud
Maybe it's time I tell 'em what I think about them
Can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot
It's too loud
Freeze my crown all up in it
Slow fire
Don't fall on my face
Don't fall on my faith, oh
Don't fall on my fate
Don't fall on my faith, oh
Don't fall on my fate
Don't fall on my-

Gotta concentrate against the clock I race
Got no time to waste, I'm already late, I got a marathoner's pace
Went from addict to a workaholic, word to Dr. Dre in that first marijuana tape
Guess I got a chronic case
And I ain't just blowin' smoke, 'less it's in your mama's face
I know this time Paul and Dre, they won't tell me what not to say
And though me and my party days have all pretty much parted ways
You'd swear to God I've forgot I'm the guy that made "Not Afraid"
One last time for Charlemagne
If my response is late, it's just how long it takes
To hit my fuckin' radar, I'm so far away
These rappers are like Hunger Games
One minute, they're mocking Jay
Next minute, they get they style from Migos, then they copy Drake
Maybe I just don't know when to turn around and walk away
But all the hate I call it "Walk on Water" gate
I've had as much as I can tolerate
I'm sick and tired of waitin', I done lost my patience
I can take all of you motherfuckers on at once
You want it, Shady? You got it!

Don't fall on my face
Yeah
Don't fall on my faith, oh
Don't fall on my fate
Light him up!
Don't fall on my faith, oh
Rrr
Don't fall on my fate
Look

Somebody tell Budden before I snap, he better fasten it
Or have his body baggage zipped
The closest thing he's had to hits is smacking bitches
And don't make me have to give it back to Akademiks
Say this shit is trash again, I'll have you twisted like you had it when you thought you had me slippin' at the telly
Even when I'm gettin' brain, you'll never catch me with a thot
Lacking with it, "he ain't spit like this in his last shit"
Hoe, you better go back and listen
You know me better, thinkin' I'll slow up, let up
Call it traps 'cause it's a total setup
Hopin' that you rappers fall in that
Dre said, "Hold your head up"
Kathy Griffin stackin' ammunition, slap the clip and cock it back on competition, this is how I shot a head (pew)
Gabby Giffords, my attack is viscous, jack the ripper, back in business
Tyler create nothing, I see why you called yourself a faggot, bitch
It's not just 'cause you lack attention
It's 'cause you worship D12's balls, you're sacrilegious
If you're gonna critique me, you better at least be as good or better
Get Earl, the Hooded Sweater, whatever his name is to help you put together some words, more than two letters
The fans waited for this moment
Like the feature when I stole this show
Sorry if I took forever

Don't fall on my face
Yeah
Don't fall on my faith, oh
I won't
Don't fall on my fate
Light him up!
Don't fall on my faith, oh
Don't fall on my fate
It's too easy

Just remember-I was here before you
And I'll be here after you make your run-in for you
Detract this, I might have to fuck Pitchfork with a corkscrew
Just what the doctor ordered
Revenge is the best medicine
Increase the dose, unleash the monster
Then tell the Grammys to go and fuck themselves, they suck the blood from all the biggest artists like some leeches
So they nominate 'em, get 'em there, get a name to 'em
See the show, every parasite needs a host
Then give Album of the Year to somebody that no one's ever even heard of
All I know is I wrote every single word of everything I ever murdered
Time to separate the sheep from goats
And I got no faith in your writers, I don't believe in ghosts
When rap needed it most, I was that wing in the prayer
A beacon of hope, the B-I-R-D in the air
Somewhere, some kid is bumping this while he lip-syncs in the mirror
That's who I'm doin' it for, the rest I don't really even care
But you would think I'm carryin' a Oxford dictionary in my pocket how I'm buryin' these artists
On the scale it turns to minus
Mines is various as hardly and what's scary is you prolly can compare me to your car 'cause I'm barely gettin' started
And as far as Lord Jamar, you better leave me the hell alone
Or I'll show you an Elvis clone
Walk up in this house you own
Brush my pelvic bone
You should tell a phone and go fetch me the remote
Put my feet up and just make myself at home
I belong here, clown!
Don't tell me 'bout the culture
I inspire the Hopsins, the Logics, the Coles, the Seans, the K-Dots, the 5'9"s, and oh
Brought the world 50 Cent, you did squat, pissed and moaned, but I'm not gonna fall... bitch!

It's too loud
Can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot
It's too loud
Freeze my crown all up in it
Slow fire
Okay, how do I say this? (fack, fack, fack)
Last year didn't work out so well for me (fack, fack, fack) (fack last year)
2018, welp (fack, fack)

Yeah, I'm a fucking kamikaze crashing into everything
You beat me Islamic Nazi, that means there is no such thing
I've been going for your jugular since Craig G Duck Alert
Wedgie in my underwear, the whole bedsheet and the comforter
Stuck up in my rectal crack, kiss my disrespectful ass
I'll ride through your cul-de-sac
Window cracked bumpin' your reference tracks
You collab on a referent rap, I have never said his raps
Overstayed my welcome
Stepped in crap and ruined your welcome mat
So spit that shit from the heart, you didn't write like you wrote it
While I T-bagged the microphone 'cause I go nuts on it
Like a fighter jet lined with explosives that'll strike any moment
Headed right at opponents and I'm the fucking pilot that flown it
I'm 'bout to

Smash into everyone, crash into everything
Back and I just begun, "FACK" 2017
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna
Smash into everyone, crash like an F-15
Damage already done, y'all shoulda' let me be
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna

I turned on rap 'cause it made me feel tough when I wasn't
From the moment I heard rap was cussin', I wasn't
Which is why I identify with the guy who I was invented by
Dre's Frankenstein, energized like a nine volt
Ice cold like Snake Eyes, buy some rope on a dice roll
But if the only reason I blow is 'cause I'm white though
Why don't every other white rapper sell what I sold? (ooh)
Kamikaze pilot, I wrote my suicide note
Here come the guys in white coats tryna stop me
'Fore I jump behind the controls and try to fly into foes
'Cause I'm takin' y'all with me when I go cyclone
I don't think this typhoon's letting up any time soon, here I go
Eyes closed, blindfolded, I'm 'bout to

Smash into everyone, crash into everything
Back and I just begun, "FACK" 2017
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna
Smash into everyone, crash like an F-15
Damage already done, y'all shoulda' let me be
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna

Smash
Kamikaze, kamikaze
Kamikaze, kamikaze, kami-kamikaze
Look at what I've done

I heard your freestyle on Shade 45, that shit was embarrassing
There is no way we ever hear that shit again, I guarantee
That way, that shit was so ass, it's something we wouldn't dare re-air it
Shit's embarrassing, is me rear ending Terreri Bear
In my therapy chair, my dick is the hair length of Cher
Each nut is the chair with  beware
Lyrically I'm terrible, better get your lyrics prepared
Richard Ramirez is here
Serially killing every therapist, is it-

Wait, wait, got the eeriest feeling something evil is lurking
I'm no conspiracy theorist but something here is afoot
Oh yeah, it's my dick
Get the measurement stick (what)
Twelve inches of wood
Wait, but I've been going for your jugular like Craig G Duck Alert
And I've come to pay respects 'cause if you sleep, you're fucked
Other words, you get laid to rest
And I hope your butt is hurt
Put me on a track, I go cray on it like a color book
You got some views, but you're still below me
Mine are higher so when you compare our views, you get overlooked
And I don't say the hook unless I wrote the hook
And now I'm just freestylin' in the vocal booth
And you know I've always spoke the truth
You lyin' through your teeth so much, you broke a tooth
And it ain't somethin' I need a phone to do
When I say I can't wait till I get ahold of you
And I don't know what I'm s'posed to do
Line up the rappers, take my pic like a photo shoot
You're such a nice guy, a nice guy
You're faithful, you don't lie
After the club, you go back home, right?
Right?! Sike!

Suck my dick, you fuckin' suck, man
Suck my dick, you fuckin' suck, man
I hope that your heart get hit by a semi-truck
Suck my dick, you fuckin' suck, man

I hop in your whip and take a sip, then I gun it
I don't, I don't got much self-control, I hope that you run it
I'm bipolar with the switch up just as quick like you cummin'
I don't, I don't got much self-control, I hope that you run it

I'm not a cheater, but if I'ma be accused, might as well be
You tell me you'll take me back when hell freezes, but females be Rushin' me outside my telly, temptation overwhelms me
Like my monthly bill from Sprint, they chargin' me for a selfie
Chargin' me, so I gave my hotel key
Eh, I was tryna be nice

You're such a nice guy, a nice guy
You're faithful, you don't lie
After the club, you go back home, right?
Right?! Sike!

Suck my dick, you fuckin' suck, bitch
Suck my dick, you fuckin' suck, man
I hope that your heart get hit by a semi-truck
Suck my dick, you fuckin' suck, bitch

I play your music while you suffer like I'm Carmichael Polar
You tied up in the basement while I chill on your sofa
La pr&#xF3;xima yo s&#xE9; que mejor me quedo sola
Estas de buenas que yo ya vend&#xED; mi pistola

I'm an emotional wreck, weak (uh-huh)
Everything over-affects me (yeah)
When you joke it upsets me (yeah)
You say I'm no good at sex
And you think I'm gross and unsexy (uh-huh)
I need Scope 'cause my breath stinks (yep)
You hope I choke on a Pepsi (yep)
Bitch, you was supposed to correct me! (oh)
Been textin' you since three, I still get no fucking reply
You say you sleep alone, but yet your mattress is king size
Fuck you goin' in those knee-high boots? Cut it out, bitch
I doubt that you're goin' to house sit
In that outfit, no skin-tight Levi's
Every word that comes out your mouth's a fucking lie
Oh, it's spring time, time for you to have a fling like a slingshot
You say "don't come over" 'cause you got pink eye
But I think I got just the thing, why
Don't I bring my fuckin' bat and just swing by?
Here we go again from heroes to villains
Used to be your Romeo, but we both were jilted
A couple of times, so we had a slippery slope to deal with
But still it gave me hope that we'll get
Through it together, a severed earlobe
Mailed to you in an E-N-V-E-lope would be dope
But what kind of lengths can you go?
Pull a Vincent van Gogh, just to convince a damn ho
To be a housewife who outright lies
She's blackout drunk, now she's backin' out my drive
I ran outside, why's she tryna act out?
She's just about my size, hit me in the mouth twice
Guys, when someone you'd die for
Sticks a steak knife in your heart, do you try more?
Another late night in, she stumbles through my door
Lets the daylight in and all we do's fight more
And I ain't violent, but she's goin' through my drawers
To plant the K-Y in; I'm gettin' accused by a whore
Who smells like St. Ides and who's probably screwed five more
Guys, sucked eight/nine men
I'm takin' two-by-fours to our eight-by-tens
Bitch it's you I tore out the frame, I win
Put up a new high score, beat this game I'm in
And here's some two-ply for when you date my friends
In order to wipe your ass when you moved your bowels
When we renewed our vows, this the thanks I get?
I'm waitin' for the day I can
Hear you say, "Marshall, what a skank I've been
And there's a new guy, you're being replaced by him"
Got your tubes tied for him, got that boob job for him
Hurts me to my core, but the pain I'm in
After you, I swore to make the gray skies end
Here comes the rays like wind, you get a pay hike and
Am I the good guy or do I just play like him
And hope that he dumps you?
It's like a dream come true, just to scream "Fuck you!"
Guess you take life in the same way you play dice then
'Cause you just look at me and roll them little snake eyes in

Since you bought the jury, they'll call me guilty
They'll call me guilty
You bought the jury, they'll call me guilty
Even though you know the real me
You can't be the cheater, convincin' nonbeliever
And I ain't in my feelings, I'm out
But I let you say that you're the good guy
'Cause this ain't what love looks like
You can't be the cheater, convincin' nonbeliever
And I ain't in my feelings, I'm out
But I let you say that you're the good guy
They like, "You're the good guy"
They like, they like, they like, "You're the good guy"
I got a song filled with shit for the strong-willed
When the world gives you a raw deal
Set you off till you scream, "Piss off! Screw you!"
When it talks to you like you don't belong
Or tells you you're in the wrong field
When's something's in your mitochondrial
'Cause it latched on to you, like-

Knock knock, let the devil in
Malevolent as I've ever been, head is spinnin'
This medicine's screamin', "L-l-l-let us in!"
L-l-lick like a salad bowl, Edgar Allan Poe
Bedridden, shoulda been dead a long time ago
Liquid Tylenol, gelatins, think my skeleton's meltin'
Wicked, I get all high when I think I've smelled the scent
Of elephant manure-hell, I meant Kahl&#xFA;a
Screw it, to hell with it, I went through hell with accelerants
And blew up my-my-myself again
Volkswagen, tailspin, bucket matches my pale skin
Medal win, went from Hellmann's and being rail thin
Filet-o-Fish, to Scribble Jam and Rap Olympics '97 Freaknik
How can I be down? Me and Bizarre in Florida
Proof's room slept on floor of the motel then
Dr. Dre said "hell yeah!"
And I got his stamp like a postcard, word to Mel-Man
And I know they're gonna hate
But I don't care, I barely could wait
To hit them with the snare and the bass
Square in the face, this fuckin' world better prepare to get laced
Because they're gonna taste my-

Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
Venom, not knowin' with 'em
Never gonna slow up in 'em
Ready to snap any moment-um
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(When they get bitten with the-)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
Venom, not knowin' with 'em
Never gonna slow up in 'em
Ready to snap any moment-um
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(When they get bit with the-)

I said knock knock, let the devil in
Shotgun p-p-pellets in the felt pen
Cocked, fuck around and catch a hot one
I-i-it's evident I'm not done
V-venomous, the thought spun
Like your web and you just caught in 'em
Held against your will like a hubcap or a mud flap
Be strangled or attacked
So this ain't gonna feel like a love tap
Eat painkiller pills, fuck a blood track
Like, what's her name's at the wheel? Danica Patrick
Throw the car into reverse at the Indy, end up crashin'
Into ya, the back of it-just mangled steel
My Mustang and your Jeep Wrangler grill
With the front smashed, much as my rear fender, assassin
Slim be a combination of an actual kamikaze and Gandhi
Translation, I will probably kill us both
When I end up back in India
You ain't gonna be able to tell what the fuck's happenin' to you
When you're bit with the-

Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
Venom, not knowin' with 'em
Never gonna slow up in 'em
Ready to snap any moment-um
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(When they get bitten with the-)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
Venom, not knowin' with 'em
Never gonna slow up in 'em
Ready to snap any moment-um
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(When they get bit with the-)

I said knock knock, let the devil in
Alien, E-E-Elliot phone home
Ain't no telling when this chokehold
On this game will end, I'm loco
Became a Symbiote, so
My fangs are in your throat, ho
You're snake bitten with my-venom
With the ballpoint pen I'm
Gun cock, bump stock, devil eye, buckshot
Tied for the uppercut, tie a couple knots
Fired up a Glock, fire, juggernaut
Punk rock, bitches goin' down like Yung Joc
'Cause the Doc put me on like sunblock
Why the fuck not? You only get one shot
Ate shit till I can't taste it
Chased it with straight liquor
Then paint thinner then drank till I faint
And I wait with a headache
And I take anything in rectangular shape
Then I wait to face the demons I'm bonded to
'Cause they're chasin' me but I'm part of you
So escapin' me is impossible
I latch onto you like a-parasite
And I probably ruined your parents' life
And your childhood too
'Cause if I'm the music that y'all grew up on
I'm responsible for you retarded fools
I'm the super villain Dad and Mom was losin' their marbles to
You marvel that? Eddie Brock is you
And I'm the suit, so call me-

Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
Venom, not knowin' with 'em
Never gonna slow up in 'em
Ready to snap any moment-um
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(When they get bitten with the-)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
Venom, not knowin' with 'em
Never gonna slow up in 'em
Ready to snap any moment-um
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(When they get bit with the-)