
("Hard like an erection..." -- Ed O.G.) Young black male!
("Hard like an erection...")
("...Ain't shit to fool with" -- Ice Cube)
("Hard like an erection...") Young black male!
("...Ain't shit to fool with")
*Runs backwards* Young black male!

(2Pac) Yes niggaz... yes niggaz... yes niggaz

Young black male!
("Hard like an erection...") Young black male!
("Hard like an erection...") ("...ain't shit to fool with")
("Hard like an erection...") Young black male!
("Hard like an erection...") ("...ain't shit to fool with")

(2Pac) Go nigga, go!

Verse One:

Young black male
I try to effect by kicking the facts
And stacking much mail
I'm packing a gat 'cause guys wanna jack
And fuck goin' to jail
'Cause I ain't equipped to stop how I look
I don't sell ya-yo
They teachin a brother like I was in books
Follow me into a flow
I'm sure you know, which way to go
I'm hittin 'em out of the dopes
So slip on the slope, let's skip on the flow
I'm fuckin' the sluts and hoes
The bigger the butts the tighter the clothes
The gimminy jimminy grows
Then whaddya know, it's off with some clothes
Rowd when the crowd says hoe
That let's me know, they know I can flow
Love when they come to my shows
I get up and go, with skins before
When I'm collecting my dough
I never respect, the one that I back
The quicker the nigga can rap
The bigger the check, now watch how they sweat
What kind of style is that?
The style of a mack, and ready to jack
I rendered up piles of black
The wacker the pack, the fatter the smack
I hate it when real nigga bust
They hate when I cuss, they threaten to bust
I had enough of the fuss
I bust what I bust, and cuss when I must
They gave me a charge for sales
For selling the tales... of young black males

Yes nigga, N-I-G-G-A niggaz

Ay nigga you can't handle that shit!
Pass that man!

Hit that shit, that's the shit!

It smell like skunk, skunk smell like that nigga momma

We ain't nuttin but some low down dirty niggaz
Keep it real nigga, fuck you nigga!
You ain't givin' me near a dime on this real motherfucker
Fuck St. Ide's it's an Old E thing baby
Strictly some of that Hennesee

Can I drink with you fellas? Can I get it on it?

Fuck you Capo. You ain't in baby.

I tell you what! You guys are not gonna be talking
All that shit, when I come back, OK?
We gonna say who the big mouth, when I come back

Young black male!
You know they got me trapped in this prison of seclusion
Happiness, living on tha streets is a delusion
Even a smooth criminal one day must get caught
Shot up or shot down with tha bullet that he bought
Nine millimeter kickin' thinking about what tha streets do to me
'Cause they never talk peace in tha black community
All we know is violence, do tha job in silence
Walk tha city streets like a rat pack of tyrants
Too many brothers daily heading for tha big penn
Niggas commin' out worse off than when they went in
Over tha years I done alot of growin' up
Getten drunk thrown' up
Cuffed up
Then I said I had enough
There must be another route, way out
To money and fame, I changed my name
And played a different game
Tired of being trapped in this vicious cycle
If one more cop harassed me I just might go psycho
And when I gettem
I'll hittem with tha bum rush
Only a lunatic would like to see his skull crushed
Yo, if your smart you'll really let me go 'G'
But keep me cooped up in this ghetto and catch tha uzi
They got me trapped...

(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
They got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)

They got me trapped
Can barely walk tha city streets
Without a cop harassing me, searching me
Then asking my identity
Hands up, throw me up against tha wall
Didn't do a thing at all
I'm tellen you one day these suckers gotta fall
Cuffed up throw me on tha concrete
Coppers try to kill me
But they didn't know this was tha wrong street
Bang bang, down another casualty
But it's a cop who's shot there's brutality
Who do you blame?
It's a shame because tha man's slain
He got caught in tha chains of his own game
How can I feel guilty after all tha things they did to me
Sweated me, hunted me
Trapped in my own community
One day I'm gonna bust
Blow up on this society
Why did ya lie to me?
I couldn't find a trace of equality
Work me like a slave while they laid back
Homie don't play that
It's time I lett'em suffer tha payback
I'm tryin' to avoid physical contact
I can't hold back, it's time to attack jack
They got me trapped

(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
You know they got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
You know they got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)

Now I'm trapped and want to find a getaway
All I need is a 'G' and somewhere safe to stay
Can't use tha phone
'Cause I'm sure someone is tappin in
Did it before
Ain't scared to use my gat again
I look back at hindsite the fight was irrelevant
But now he's tha devils friend
Too late to be tellin' him
He shot first and I'll be damned if I run away
Homie is done away I should of put my gun away
I wasn't thinkin' all I heard was tha ridicule
Girlies was laughin', Tup sayin' Damn homies is dissin you
I fired my weapon
Started steppin' in tha hurricane
I got shot so I dropped
Feelin' a burst of pain
Got to my feet
Couldn't see nothin' but bloody blood
Now I'm a fugitive to be hunted like a murderer
Ran through an alley
Still lookin' for my getaway
Coppers said Freeze, or you'll be dead today
Trapped in a corner
Dark and I couldn't see tha light
Thoughts in my mind was tha nine and a better life
What do I do?
Live my life in a prison cell
I'd rather die than be trapped in a living hell
They got me trapped

(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
They got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
You know they got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
(Tupac Talking)
They cuttin' off welfare
Think they crime is risin' now
You got whites killin' blacks
Cops killin' blacks
And blacks killin' blacks
Shit just gonna get worse
They just gonna become souljas
Straight souljas

All you wanted ta be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, like me

All you wanted ta be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, like me

Crack done took apart of our family tree
My momma's on tha shit, my dadies splitten, mom's steady blaming me
Is it my fault, just 'cause I'm a young black male
Cop sweat me as if my destiny is makin' crack sells
Only 15 and got problems
Cops on my tail, so I bail till I dodge 'em
They finally pull me over and I laugh
Remember Rodney King and I blast on his punk ass
Now I gotta murder case
You speak a' Heaven punk, I never heard of tha place
What is it ta come up fast, got a Uz and a black mask
Drop tha fuckin' task, now who's tha jack ass
Keep my shit cocked, cause tha cops got a glock too
What tha fuck would you do
Drop them or let 'em drop you
I chose droppin' tha cop
I got me a glock, and a glock for tha niggas on my block
4 of'em tried ta stab me, I moved out
Sold a pound a weed, made g's, bought a new house
I'm only 17, I'm tha new kid
I got me a crew, bought'em jewels, and a uzi
But all good things don't last
Task came fast, and busted my black ass
Coolen in tha pen, where tha goods kept
Now my little brother wants ta follow in my footsteps
A soulja

All you wanted ta be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, like me

All you wanted ta be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, like me

Buck, buck, pigs get fucked, don't step ta this
Quiet has kept them blessed, on a quest with a death wish
Tell 'em they come and test, and tha rest, nigga gets hectic
Here's tha aneirexic, I'm making it to an exit
Walkin' through tha streets on tha black tip
Packed with several gats, 'cause I'm also payin' back shit
Niggas don't wanna try me, brotha you'll get shot down
Now I'm kick'en tha block, cause my bigger brothers locked down
I'm hot now, so many punk police have got shot down
Other cops see me on tha block, and they jock now
That's what I call a kingpin
Send my brotha what he needs is some weed up ta season
Tell him just be ready set, pack ya shit up quick
And when I hit, be prepared ta jet
Niggas from tha block on tha boat now
Every single one got a gun, that'll smoke pow
These punks about ta get hit by tha best
I'm wear'en double vest, so aim at my fuckin' chest
I'll be makin' straight dome calls
Touch tha button on tha wall, you'll be picken up your own balls
I can still hear my mother shout, hit tha pig nigga
Break your bigga brother out
I got a message for tha warden
I'm commin' for ya ass, as fast as Flash Gorden
We get surrounded in tha mess hall, yes y'all
A crazy motherfucka makin' death calls
Just bring me my brother and we leavin'
For every minute you stall, one y'all bleedin'
They brought my brother in a jiffy
I took a cop, just in case things got tricky
And just as we was walken out, I caught a bullet in tha head
Tha screams never left my mouth
My brother caught a bullet too
I think he gonna pull through, he deserve to
Tha fast life ain't everything they told ya
Never get much older, following tha tracks of a soulja

All you wanted ta be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, like me
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, like me

All you wanted ta be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, a soulja
All you wanted ta be, a soulja, like me

Straight soulja, 1993, all of it.
I just don't give a fuck
They done push me to the limit I'm all in
I might blow up any minute, did it again
Now I'm in the back of the paddy wagon
While this cops bragging about the nigga he's baggin
I see no justice
All I see is niggas dying fast
The sound of a gun blast
Then watchin the hearse pass
Just another day in the life 'G'
Gotta step lightly 'cause cops tried to snipe me
The catch, they don't wanna stop at the brother man
But then they'll have an accident and pick up another man
I went to the bank to cash my cheque
I get more respect from the mutha-fuckin' dope man
The Grammy's and the American music shows pimp us like hos
They got dough but they hate us though
You better keep your mind on the real shit
And fuck trying to get with these crooked ass hypocrites
They way they see it, we was meant to be keep down
Just can't understand why we getting respect now
Mama told me they're be days like this
But I'm pissed cause it stays like this
And now they trying to send me off to Kuwait
Gimme a break
How much shit can a nigga take
I ain't goin' nowhere, no how
What you wanna throw down
Better bring your guns pal
'Cause this is the day we make 'em pay
Fuck bailin' hate I bail and spray with an A-K
And even if they shoot me down
There'll be another nigga bigger
From the mutha-fuckin' underground
So step but you better step quick
Cause the clocks goin' tick and I'm sick of the bullshit
You're watching the makings of a phychopath
The truth didn't last
Before the wrath and aftermath
Who's that behind the trigger?
Who'd do yah figure!?
A mutha-fuckin' night nigga
Ready to buck and rip shit up
I had enough and I just don't give a fuck

Niggas!, isn't just the blacks
Also a gang of mutha-fuckas dressed in blue slacks
They say niggas hang in packs and their attitude is shitty
Tell me, who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city?
They say niggas like to do niggas
Throw me in the cuffs with just two niggas
A street walkin' nigga and a beat walkin' nigga with a badge
I had to shoot ya and the pass for the blast take his cash
And bash his head in dump him at the dead in
And that's just his luck
Cause a nigga like me
Don't really give a fuck

Walked in the store what's everybody staring at
They act like they never seen a muthafucka wearing black
Following a nigga and shit
Ain't this a bitch
All I wanted was some chips
I wanna take my business elsewhere
But where?
Cause who in the hell cares
About a black man with a black need?
They wanna jack me like some kind of crack fiend
I wonder if knows that my income is more than
His pension, salary and then some
Your daughter is my number one fan
And your jive ass wife wants a life with a black man
So who's the mac in fact who's the black jack
Sit back and get fat off the fat cat
While he thinks that he's getting over
I bust a move as smooth as casanova
And count another quick meal
I'm getting paid for my traid but its still real
And if you look between the lines you'll find a rhyme
As strong as a fuckin' nine
Mail stacked up niggas wanna act up
Let's put the gats up and throw your backs up
But the cops getting dropped by the gun shot
Useta come but he's done, now we run the block
To my brothers stay strong keep yah heads up
They know we fed up
But we they just don't give a fuck

They just don't give a fuck

I gotta give my fuck offs

Fuck you to the San Fransisco police department
Fuck you to the Marin County Sheriff department
Fuck you to the F.B.I
Fuck you to the C.I.A
Fuck you to the B-u-s-h
Fuck you to the AmeriKKKa
Fuck you to all you redneck prejudiced motherfuckers
And fuck yah
Fuck Y'all
Punk, gay, sensitive, little-dicked bastards
2paclypse mutha fuckin' know
Y'all can kiss my ass and suck my dick
And my uncle Tommy's balls
Fuck Y'all
Punks, punks, punks, punks, punks
They claim that I'm violent
Just 'cause I refuse to be silent
These hipocrites are havin' fits
'Cause I'm not buying it, defying it
Envious, because I will rebel against
Any oppressor, and this is known as self defense
I show no mercy, they claim that I'm tha Lunatic
But when tha shit gets thick, I'm tha one you go and get
Don't look confused, tha truth is so plain ta see
'Cause I'm tha nigga that you sell-outs are ashamed to be
And every jeep and and every car, while they stop us
I'm never ignorant, getten goals accomplished
Tha underground railroad on an uprise
This time tha truth is getten told
Heard enough lies
I told'em fight back, attack on society
If this is violence then violent's what I gotta be
If you investigate you'll find out where it's coming from
Look through our history, Americas tha violent one
Unlock my brain, break tha chains of your misery
This time tha pay back for evil shit you did too me
They call me militant and racist 'cause I will resist
You wanna censor something
Mothafucka censor this!
My words are weapons, and I'm stepin to tha sirens
Wakin' up tha masses
But you, claim that I'm violent

(With tons of scratching in the chorus)
Fuck a damn cop, (they claim'in that I'm violent)
Just because we play what tha people want, (Violent)
Fuck a damn cop, (they claim'in that I'm violent)
Just because we play what tha people want, (Violent)
Fuck a damn cop, (they claim'in that I'm violent)

Tha cops can't stand me, but they can't touch me
Call me a dope man, 'cause I rock dope beats
Jacked by tha police, didn't have my ID
I said, excuse me, why ya tryin' ta ride me
He had tha nerve to, say that I had a curfew
Get out tha car, or I'lI hurt you
So here I go, I better make my mind up
Pick my 9 up or hit tha line up
I choose B steped into tha streets
Tha first cop grabbed me, tha other ripped my seat
They grabbed my homie and threw him to tha concrete
(What ya doin' man) they tried ta frame me
They tried ta say I had some dope in tha back seat
But, I'm a rap fiend, not a crack fiend
My homie packed, he tried ta run
(Freeze nigga) I heard a bullet fire from tha cop's gun
My homie dropped, so I hit tha cop
I kept swingin', Yo, I couldn't stop
Before I knew it, I was beaten tha cop senseless
Tha other cop dropped his gun, he was defenseless
Now I'm against this cop who was racist
Given him a taste, of tradin places
And all this, cause tha peckerwood was tryin' this frame up, but I came up
Now they claiming that I'm violent

(With tons of scratching in the chorus)
Fuck a damn cop, (they claim'in that I'm violent)
Just because we play what tha people want, (Violent)
Fuck a damn cop, (they claim'in that I'm violent)
Just because we play what tha people want, (Violent)
Fuck a damn cop, (they claim'in that I'm violent)

As I was beatin' on a cop, I heard a gun click
Then tha gun shot, but I wasn't hit
I turned around it was my homie with tha gun in hand
He shot tha cop, now he's a dead man
I said, come on, it's time for us ta get away
They called for back up, and they'll be on their way
Jumped in tha car, and tried ta get away quick
Tha car wouldn't start, we in deep shit
So we jumped out, (come on, let's take tha cops car)
We drove a little ways thinking that we got far
But I looked up and all I saw was blue lights
If I die tonight, I'm dying in a gun fight
I grabbed tha AK, my homie took tha 12 gauge
Load'em up quick, it's time for us ta spray
We'll shot'em up with they own fuckin' weapons
And when we threw spraying, then we stepin
This is a lesson, to tha rednecks and crooked cops
You fuck with real niggas, get ya fuckin' ass dropped
So here we go, tha police against us
Dark at dusk, and waiting for tha guns ta bust
What's next, I don't know and I don't care
One things for sure, tomorrow I won't be here
But if I go, I'm taken all these punks with me
Pass me a clip G, now come and get me
You wanna sweat me, never get me to be silent
Given them a reason, (a reason)
Ta claim that I'm violent...

(With tons of scratching in the chorus)
Fuck a damn cop, (they claim'in that I'm violent)
Just because we play what tha people want, (Violent)
Fuck a damn cop, (they claim'in that I'm violent)
Just because we play what tha people want, (Violent)
Fuck a damn cop, (they claim'in that I'm violent)

Just because we play what tha people want...
Killing us one by one
In one way or another
American will find a way to eliminate the problem
One by one
The problem is
The troubles in the black youth of the ghettos
And one by one
We are being wiped off the face of this earth
At an extremely alarming rate
And even more alarming is the fact
That we are not fighting back
Brothers, sistas, niggas
When I say niggas it is not the nigga we are grown to fear
It is not the nigga we say as if it has no meaning
But to me
It means Never Ignorant Getting Goals Acomplishes, nigga
Niggas what are we going to do
Walk blind into a line or fight
Fight and die if we must like niggas

This is for the masses the lower classes
The ones you left out, jobs were givin', better livin'
But we were kept out
Made to feel inferior, but we're the superior
Break the chains in our brains that made us fear yah
Pledge allegiance to a flag that neglects us
Honour a man that who refuses to respect us
Emancipation Proclamation, please!
Lincoln just said that to save the nation
These are lies that we all accepted
Say no to drugs but the governments' keep it
Running through our community, killing the unity
The war on drugs is a war on you and me
And yet they say this is the Home of The Free
But if you ask me it's all about hyprocracy
The constitution, Yo, it don't apply to me
Lady Liberty still the bitch lied to me
Steady strong nobody's gonna like what I pumpin'
But its wrong to keeping someone from learning something
So get up, its time to start nation building
I'm fed up, we gotta start teaching childern
That they can be all that they wanna to be
There's much more to life than just poverty

This is defaintly ah words of wisdom
Amerika, amerika, amerikkka
I charge you with the crime of rape, murder, and assault
For suppressing and punishing my people
I charge you with robery for robbing me of my history
I charge you with false imprisonment for keeping me
Trapped in the projects
And the jury finds you guilty on all accounts
And you are to serve the consequences of your evil schemes
Prosecutor do you have any more evidience

Words of Wisdom
They shine upon the strength of an nation
Conquer the enemy on with education
Protect thy self, reach with what you wanna do
Know thy self, teach what we been through
On with the knowledge of the place, then
No one will ever oppress this race again
No Malcolm X in my history text
Why is that?
'Cause he tried to educate and liberate all blacks
Why is Martin Luther King in my book each week?
He told blacks, if they get smacked, turn the other cheek
I don't get it, so many questions went through my mind
I get sweated, They act as if asking questions is a crime
But forget it, one day I'm gonna prove them wrong
Now every brother had to smother on the welfare line
The American dream, though it seems it attainable
They're pulling your sleave, don't believe
Cause it will strangle yah
Pulling the life of your brain, I can't explain
Beg as you can obtain from which you came
Swear that your mother is living in equality
Forgeting your brother that's living her apology
Thought they had us beat when they took our kids
But the battle ain't over till the black man sings
Words of Wisdom
But the battle ain't over till the black man sings
Words of Wisdom

NIGHTMARE that's what I am
America's nightmare
I am what you made me
The hate and evil that you gave me
I shine of a reminder of what you have done to my people
For Four hundred plus years
You should be scared
You should be running
You should be trying to silence me
But you can not escape fate
Well it is my turn to come
Just as you rose you shall fall
By my hands
Amerika, You reap what you sow
2pacalypse America's Nightmare
Ice Cube and Da Lench Mob America's Nightmare
Above the Law America's Nightmare
Paris America's Nightmare
Public Enemy America's Nightmare
Krs-One America's Nightmare
Mutulu Shakur America's Nightmare
Geronimo Pratt America's Nightmare
Assada Shakur America's Nightmare
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come
Something wicked this way come

More than an adversary I' m very quick
I' m ready to hit 'em with this gift
I' m equipped to kick
Grab you coat and you hat, 'cause I' m prepared to clamp
Scared the (???), and you caught them mutha-fuckas damp
Oh shit 2pacalypse is back and strapped
Attacking the pacs, I' m kicking the facts for stacks to rap
And those that max, relax and let the blacks get jacks
I' m getting taxed, my pacs is packed with angry blacks
I' m ready to go
I' m ripping the shows, hitting the dough
Getting the hoes
Pumping the flow, gangster ho
Cause the nose knows
Check the pose, froze, when you see me close
Punks you gonna roast, host, in a cloud of smoke
Broke, choked on a rope, and then smoked
Wrote, crimes that'll bring me back notes
Nope, I ain't the type of fella that you use though
Kkkkkkicking the funky flava
Pumping (??? ???? ????) producers
Run for cover when you hear the bass drop
One verse is all it takes
Something wicked this way come

Something wicked this way come (18 x)
Wicked wicked this way comes
Wicked wicked this way comes
Wicked wicked this way comes
Something wicked this way come
(Ice Cube) Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like
*Machine gun fires*
(Dr. Dre) Got him!

(2Pac)
A smokin' ass nigga robbed me blind
I got a TEC-9 now his smokin' ass is mine
I guess I felt sorry for the bastard, he was broke
I didn't know he smoked so I didn't watch him close
He caught me on the sneak tip, now the punk's in deep shit
Catch him on the streets, I'ma bring him to his feet, quick
Pass the clip, I think I see him comin' now
Fuck the bullshit, posse deep and let's run him down
Gots to be the first one to hit ya when we meet
Comin' quickly up the streets, is the punk ass police
The first one jumped out and said, Freeze!
I popped him in his knees and shot him, punk... please...
Cause cops should mind they business, when we rush
Now you're pleadin like a bitch, cause you don't know how to... hush...
Now back to the smoker that robbed me
I tell you like Latifah, motherfucker give me... body...
One to the chest, another to his fuckin' dome
Now the shit can rest, yo tell him to leave me the fuck alone
Two very bloody bodies on the streets
A nosey ass cop and a nigga that robbed from me
Run from your backup punk, how you figure?
My finger's on the trigger for you crooked ass niggaz

(2Pac) Crooked ass niggaz
(Eazy) Criminal behaviour... criminal... criminal behaviour
(Cube) Suddenly I see...
(Eazy) Cri-cri-criminal

(Stretch)
Now listen to the mack of the crooked nigga trade
With the fine criminal mind, cold rips like a blade
It's already quick steppin to the niggaz with the props
And any motherfucker with the flim-flam drops to the knot
Ten o'clock, is a motherfuckin gank move
Stretch is Uptown, clockin weight the shit is real smooth
A nigga's tryin' to play me like he know me but he don't
Sittin' on ten keys, I'ma get him, think I won't?
My nigga 2Pac, got the fuckin' Glock cocked, and he's ready
When the kid, didn't even bring the weight bag, instead he
Welcomed us, into his apartment
Oh this even better, two to the head, he's dead a clean get-a-WAY!
Niggaz got PAID!
And yet another sleepin' ass nigga got slayed, word up
By a crooked motherfucker named Stretch
And the T-U-P-A-C, the police can't catch...

(2Pac) The crooked ass niggaz
(Eazy) Criminal behaviour...
(2Pac) Yeah... ya don't stop!
Crooked ass niggaz
(Eazy) Criminal... criminal behaviour
(Cube) Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like

(2Pac)
Now I could be a crooked nigga too
When I'm rollin' with my crew, watch what crooked niggaz, do!
I got a nine millimeter Glock pistol
I'm ready to get witcha at the drop, of a whistle
So make your move, and act like you wanna flip
I fire thirteen shots, and pop another clip
I bring luck, my Glock's like a fuckin' mop
The more I shot, the more motherfuckers dropped
And even cops got shot when they rolled up
Best to bring a knot, or get popped, I'm a soldier
I ain't the type to fetch ya, ask Stretch, he's my witness
Smoke till I'm blitzed, fuck a motherfuckin piss test
I'm trigger happy, try to 'tack me and I'll drop you quick
Long as I got a clip I got some shit to hit 'em with
The nigga killer I get iller when the shit gets thick
My brain flips, I start thinkin' like a lunatic
I rip shit, came equipped with a bigger crew
I thought these niggaz knew, I'm a crooked nigga too

(Eazy) Criminal behaviour... criminal... criminal behaviour
(2Pac) Crooked

(2Pac)
Crooked ass niggaz come in all shapes and sizes
They wear disguises, backstabbin's what they specialize in
They'll try to getcha, they'll sweatcha to get in the picture
And then they hitcha, son of a bitch! Now he's richer
Crooked ass nigga...

(Eazy) Criminal behaviour... criminal... criminal behaviour
(Cube) Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like
(Eazy) Criminal behaviour
Criminal, criminal, crim
Crim-criminal behaviour
Criminal behaviour, criminal behaviour...

*Machine gun fires*
(Ice Cube) Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like
*Machine gun fires*
(Ice Cube) Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like
*Machine gun fires*
(Ice Cube) Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like

(Eazy) Criminal behaviour
Criminal, criminal, crim
Crim-criminal behaviour
Criminal beha... crima-crima-crima
Crim-crim, criminal behaviour
Criminal behaviour...

(Ice Cube) Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like
*Machine gun fires*
(Dr. Dre) Got him!

(Ice Cube) Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like
*Machine gun fires*
(Dr. Dre) Got him!

(Ice Cube) Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like
*Machine gun fires*
(Dr. Dre) Got him!
Verse One:

Ever since you was a pee-wee, down by my knee with a wee-wee
We been coochie-coo all through school, you and me G
Back in the days we played practical jokes on
Everybody smoked with they locs and the yolks on
All through high school, girls by the dozens
Sayin' we cousins, knowin' that we wasn't
But like the old saying goes
Times goes on, and everybody grows
Grew apart, had to part, went our own ways
You chose the dope gaaaane, my microphone pays
In many ways we were paid in the old days
So far away from the crazies with AK's
And though I been around clowning with the Underground
I'm still down with my homies from the hometown
And if you need, need anything at all
I drop it all for y'all, if my homies call

Verse Two:

It's a shame, you chose the dope game
Now you slang cane on the streets with no name
It was plain that your aim was mo' cane
You got game now you run with no shame
I chose rappin' tracks to make stacks
In fact I travel the map with raps that spray cats
But now I don't wanna down my homie
No matter how low you go you're not lowly
And I, hear that you made a few enemies
But when you need a friend you can depend on me, call
If you need my assistance there'll be no resistance
I'll be there in an instant
Who am I to judge another brother, only on his cover
I'd be no different than the other
H-to-the-O-to-the-M-to-the-I-to-the-E
I'm down to the E-N-D
'Cause it's a fall in no time at all
I'm down for y'all, when my homies call
Word, if my homies call

Verse Three:

Well it's ninety-one and I'm livin' kinda swell now
But I hear that you're going through some hell pal
But life makin' records ain't easy
It ain't what I expected it's hectic it's sleazy
But I guess that the streets is harder
Trying to survive in the life of a young godfather
My homies is making it elsewhere
Striving, working nine to five with no health care
We both had dreams of being great
But his deferred, and blurred and changed in shaped
It's fate, it wasn't my choice to make
To be great, I'm giving it all it takes
Trying to shake, the crates and fakes and snakes
I gotta take, my place or fall from grace
The foolish way, the pace is quick and great
Smiling face, to hide the trace of hate
But my homie would never do me wrong
That's why I wrote this song, if you ever need me it's on
No matter who the foe they must fall
Us against them all I'm down to brawl if my homies call
Brenda's (Brenda)
Got a (Got a)
Baby
(Say it one more time, baby)
Brenda's
Got a (Baby)
Baby

I hear Brenda's got a baby, but Brenda's barely got a brain
A damn shame, the girl can hardly spell her name
(That's not our problem, that's up to Brenda's family)
Well, let me show you how it affects our whole community
Now, Brenda really never knew her moms, and her dad
Was a junky, went in debt into his arms, it's sad
Cause I bet Brenda doesn't even know
Just 'cause you're in the ghetto doesn't mean you can't grow
But oh, that's a thought-my own revelation
Do whatever it takes to resist the temptation
Brenda got herself a boyfriend
Her boyfriend was her cousin, now let's watch the joy end
She tried to hide her pregnancy from her family
Who didn't really care to see, or give a damn if she
Went out, and had a church of kids
As long as when the check came they got first dibs
Now Brenda's belly's gettin' bigger
But no one seems to notice any change in her figure
She's twelve years old, guess she's havin' a baby
In love with a molester who's sexin' her crazy
And yet in all, she thinks that he'll be with her forever
And dreams of a world where the two of 'em are together,
Whatever, he left her, and she had the baby solo
She had it on the bathroom floor, and didn't know so
She didn't know what to throw away, and what to keep
She wrapped the baby up, and threw him in a trash heep
I guess she thought she'd get away, wouldn't hear the cries
She didn't realize how much the little baby had her eyes
Now the baby's in the trash heep, ballin'
Mama can't help him, but it hurts to hear him callin'
Brenda wants to run away, Mama say
You making me lose pay, a social worker's here everyday
Now, Brenda's gotta make her own way
Can't go to her family, they won't let her stay
No money, no babysitters, she couldn't keep a job
She tried to sell crack, but ended up gettin' robbed
So now what's next, there ain't nothin' left to sell
So she sees sex as her way of leavin' hell
It's payin' the rent, so she really can't complain
Prostitute found slain, and Brenda's her name
She's got a baby

Baby

Don't you know she's got a (don't you know)
Don't you know she's got a (don't you know)
Don't you know she's got a babe (baby)
(She's havin' a baby)
Don't you know she's got a (yes, she is)
Don't you know she's got a (yes, she is)
Don't you know she's got a baby
(I know she's havin' a baby)
Don't you know she's got a (I know I know)
Don't you know she's got a (I know)
Don't you know she's got a babe (I know)
(I know know know know know know know)
Don't you know she's got a (know know know know know know know)
Don't you know she's got a
Don't you know she's got a babe
Don't you know she's got a
Don't you know she's got a
Don't you know she's got a babe
Don't you know she's got a
Don't you know she's got a
Don't you know she's got a babe
(Tupac)
Oh shit! Jumped on my man's dick
Heard he had a twelve inch, now the bitch is lovesick
Who's to blame, the guy or the groupie?
Heard I was down with D.U., now she wants to do me
Ooh-wee! This is the life
New bitch every night, never tripped off a wife
It ain't right, but it's cool how they come quick
Don't try to flip with the lip 'cause I run shit
Hip hip, hooray for the AK
Spray when I lay competition, what a great day
Make pay, next is the wet sex
Hexed with the vex now they wreck with the complex
I'm set, wonder what I tote, check
Bloody as a Kotex, snappin motherfuckers' necks
Revenge so sweet when it comes from
Niggaz get done with the drum, watch my foes run
Nigga keeps comin' when they can't slip
Full of that shit, another hit from Tha' Lunatic

(Stretch)
Yeah, fuck that God! Word up
Blowin' niggaz out the motherfuckin frame yaknahmsayin?
Constantly... fuck that trick, we ain't havin' it

(Tupac)
Leave me the fuck alone, you gets none of this
It's suicidal, you lose your title like Doug-las
'Cause I'm nothin' nice and, I'm icin like Tyson
I'm grippin the mic and, my DJ is slicin
I'm tired of motherfuckers steppin to me with the SAME OLD
Tryin' to do me like Nintendo
How the fuck you think I ever got this far?
By bootin motherfuckers like a shootin star
'Cause I'm out to show, that I'm a dope MC
Think crack had you fiendin, wait'll they get a load of me
Bitches on my dick like a motherfuckin condom
Niggaz wanna flip, let 'em step, and I'll bomb 'em
See somethin' you want, why don't you come and get it
And then get waxed and taxed, like the government
Then I leave you sittin' there, wonder where your money went
While your bitch is callin me, tellin' me to come again
Nigga I'm loc'ed, when I smoke, from the indo
But we can be friends though, after you get broke like a window
That's what you provoked, and now you're smoked out
Lookin' like a bitch, cause your whole fuckin' posse, broke out
Punk motherfucker couldn't roll on
He couldn't hold on, game is too strong, nigga
Leave me the fuck alone, you gets none of this
Feel the wrath... and revenge of Tha' Lunatic

(Stretch)
Yeah Tu', tell them motherfuckers, word up
We ain't havin' it, NONE of that shit!
Bitch ass niggaz, niggaz can't fuck with us Tu', word up
Ninety-one, we takin' this WHOLE motherfucker over
Niggaz got PROBLEMS in ninety-one
Ninety-two, and ninety-three
And all that other shit, word up!

(Tupac)
Recognize game when it smacks you, bitch I'm back to rip
Puttin' this on the map with this mackin shit
Time will tell if it's made well
Well I raise hell and excel cause it pays well
Jordan couldn't dunk it any harder, pump it any farther
I'm funky, that's word to the father
Act like you know 'fore I thump, the bolo
Thought you was a pimp, now you're simpin for my solo
Oh no, not another new jack, swearin that he's ruthless
Ducked, and now he's fucked and left toothless
I can hear the fear in your flow, you ain't prepared
You're scared and you're bound to go
It's somethin', I guess I let the beat keep bumpin
Stop trippin' off these niggaz 'cause they ain't about nuttin
Or should I say NAYthin
Punk put my tape in, fuck all the fake-in
I'm sick of the bullshit
Come equipped and get ready to rip
Or get the dick of Tha' Lunatic

(Stretch)
Ah yeah! FUCK THAT! (the motherfuckin lunatic)
YouknowhatI'msayin? Yes Tu'!
Tell them niggaz what time it is knahmsayin?
(Punk motherfuckers, get the dick of the lunatic)
Niggaz can't fuck with us, word up
Bitch ass niggaz, FUCK EM!

(Tupac)
Fuck all them niggaz
I'm tellin' these niggaz that they ain't got...
NAYthin on a nigga like me
We squashin these punk motherfuckers in ninety-one
Ninety-two ninety-three... and SO on
So let the beat FLOAT on
While I spray these PUNK BITCHES
With these dope ass lyrics
Thanks to Poppa for supplyin the DANK
Now it's money in the BANK
And all y'all niggaz shit STANK
Compared to this shit...

Fuck y'all punk bitches!
Tha' Lunatic
*Echoes to fade*
Rebel, rebel, rebel

(2Pac)
They just can't stand the reign
Or the occasional pain
Of a man like me who goes against the grain.
Sometimes I do it in vain
So wit the little bass and treble ain't missed a
So it's time for me to explain that I'm the rebel.
Cold as the devil.
Straight from the underground, the rebel alone laughs.
They came to see the maniac sychopath.
The critics heard of me and the aftermath.
I don't give a damn and it shows.
A when I do a stage show I wear street clothes.
So they all know me: the lyrical lunatic, the maniac MC.
I give a shout out to your homies.
Maybe then, the critics'll leave your boy alone, G.
On the streets or on TV, it just don't pay the be a truth tellin' MC.
They won't be happy till I'm banned.
The most dangerous weapon: an educated black man.
For point blank in your face, pump up the bass, and join the human race.
I throw peace to the Bay.
'Cause from the jungle to Oaktown, they backin me up all the way.
You know ya gotta love the sound.
It's from the rebel: the rebel of the underground.

He's the rebel: rebel of the underground (4X)

(2Pac)
Now I'm face to face with the devil.
'Cause they breedin more rebels than the whole damn ghetto.
And police brutality,
Put you in a nip and call it technicality.
So you reap what you soe.
So read the wrath of the rebel jackin 'em up once more.
Now the fox is in the henhouse.
Creepin' up on your daughter, while you asleep
I got her sneakin out.
Tupac ain't nuttin nice.
I'll be nothin' how I wanna and do it when I'm gonna.
Now I'm up to no good.
The mastermind of mischief movin more than most could.
So sit and slip into the sound.
Peep the rebel: the rebel of the underground.

He's the rebel: rebel of the underground (4X)

(2Pac)
They say they hate me, they wanna hold me down.
I guess they scared of the rebel: the rebel of the underground.
But I never let it get me.
I just make another record 'bout the punks tryin' to sweat me.
In fact, they tryin' to keep me out.
Try to censor what I say 'cause they don't like what I'm talkin' 'bout.
So what's wrong with the media today.
Got brothers sellin out 'cause they greedy to get paid.
But me, I'm comin' from the soul.
And if it don't go gold, my story still get told.
And that way they can't stop me.
And if it sells a couple of copies, the punks'll try to copy.
It's sloppy, don't even try to.
I'm a slave to the rhythm and I'm about to fly through.
Sold yo (ya-yo) to the people in the ghetto.
When ya hear the bass roll, go ahead and let go.
Now everybody wanna gangbang.
They talkin' street slang, but the punk still can't hang.
By makin' records bout violence
But when it comes to the real, some brothers go silent.
It kinda make you wanna think about
That ya gotta do some sellin out, just to get your record out.
But 2pacalpyse is straight down.
So feel the wrath of the rebel: the rebel of the underground.

2pac is the rebel: rebel of the underground (8X)
Unfortunately, we are not licensed to display the full lyrics for this song at the moment. Hopefully we will be able to in the future. Until then... how about a random page?
Aww yeah, uh, uh
Holla if ya hear me, yeah!

(Verse One)
Here we go, turn it up, let's start
From block to block we snatchin hearts and jackin marks
And the punk police can't fade me, and maybe
We can have peace someday G
But right now I got my mind set up
Lookin' down the barrel of my nine, get up
'Cause it's time to make the payback fat
To my brothers on the block better stay strapped, black
And accept no substitutes
I bring truth to the youth tear the roof off the whole school
Oh no, I won't turn the other cheek
In case ya can't see us while we burn the other week
Now we got him in a smash, blast
How long will it last till the po' gettin' mo' cash
Until then, raise up!
Tell my young black males, blaze up!
Life's a mess don't stress, test
I'm givin' but be thankful that you're livin', blessed
Much love to my brothers in the pen
See ya when I free ya if not when they shove me in
Once again it's an all out scrap
Keep your hands on ya gat, and now ya boys watch ya back
Cause in the alleys out in Cali I'ma tell ya
Mess with the best and the vest couldn't help ya
Scream, if ya feel me; see it clearly?
You're too near me -

(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."

(Verse Two)
Pump ya fists like this
Holla if ya hear me - PUMP PUMP if you're pissed
To the sell-outs, livin' it up
One way or another you'll be givin' it up, huh
I guess 'cause I'm black born
I'm supposed to say peace, sing songs, and get capped on
But it's time for a new plan, BAM!
I'll be swingin' like a one man, clan
Here we go, turn it up, don't stop
To my homies on the block gettin' dropped by cops
I'm still around for ya
Keepin' my sound underground for ya
And I'ma throw a change up
Quayle, like you never brought my name up
Now my homies in the backstreets, the blackstreets
They feel me when they rollin' in they fat jeeps
This ain't just a rap song, a black song
Tellin' all my brothers, get they strap on
And look for me in the struggle
Hustlin till other brothers bubble -

(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!

(Verse Three)
Will I quit, will I quit?
They claim that I'm violent, but still I keep
Representin, never give up, on a good thing
Wouldn't stop it if we could it's a hood thing
And now I'm like a major threat
'Cause I remind you of the things you were made to forget
Bring the noise, to all my boyz
Know the real from the bustas and the decoys
And if ya hustle like a real G
Pump ya fists if ya feel me, holla if ya hear me
Learn to survive in the nine-tre'
I make rhyme pay, others make crime pay
Whatever it takes to live and stand
Cause nobody else'll give a damn
So we live like caged beasts
Waitin for the day to let the rage free
Still me, till they kill me
I love it when they fear me -

(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."

(2Pac) You're too near me, to see it clearly

(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."

"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."

"Hard!" ... "The rebel"
"Hard!" ... "The rebel"

(Repeat 12X to fade)
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "The rebel"
Pac's theme
(Statements variously said throughout song.)

I was raised in this society so there's no way
You can expect me to be a perfect person 'cause I'm a do what I'm a do.
(I am still thirsty) - Arrested Development
(There is absolutely no reason for a record like this to be published.
It has no place in our society.) - Dan Quayle
(They gotta understand me)
(Withdraw on this record) - Dan Quayle
That's how I feel I'm a do whatever I like. I am not a role model
"You could get the finger... the middle!" (1}
"Come and get some!" (2}

(2Pac)
Ah yeah, they love to point the finger
(1} (2}

Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
(1} (2} Niggaz love to point the finga
Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
(1} (2}

(2Pac)
I thought I hit rock bottom, they ban my album, point the finga
I guess nobody loves a real nigga-slash-rap singer
I thought I'd bring a little truth to the young troops
I brought proof that the niggaz need guns too
It's not to be a racist, but let's face this:
Wouldn't you if we could trade places?
I got lynched by some crooked cops, and to this day
Them same motherfuckers on the beat gettin' major paid
But when I get my check they takin' tax out
So, we payin' for these pigs to knock the blacks out
Ain't that a bitch, some officers are gettin' rich
Whoopin on thugs and robbin drug dealers for they shit
As far as jealousy, bein a celebrity
No matter who committed the crime, they all yell at me
And the media is greedier than most
You could sell 'em your soul or they'll be on ya till a niggaz ghost
And everyday I read the paper there's another lie
They show my picture for the crimes of another guy
Now how's that for the life of a big shot
A dead cop, a law suit, a little kid shot
I play them nuttin ass marks in the park
For tryin' to earn they stripes in the dark
Just 'cause I come there, don't mean I from there, peep:
Only jealous motherfuckers beef, and point the finga

Chorus: repeat 4X

Boom boom boom on your black ass, bitch
(1} (2}

(2Pac)
As I run up on 'em madman, a nutcase with a screw loose
A zoot troupe full of foolies with toolies
Niggaz run to me don't come to me with beef
Take your jewels and your jeep, boom boom! Let that ass sleep
It's gettin' hectic, niggaz run, quick
Buckshots are the payback for dumb shit
All you niggaz on the block tryin' to test me
Best wear a vest or get open like, sesame
I'll run up on you mad deep; while you're tryin' to sleep
I'm steady pumpin bullets in your sheets
Wake up, motherfucker, don't stutter
Point blank by a nigga from the gutter, yeah!
Gimme mine, gimme mine, gimme, mine
Ban my rhymes, now I'm back to bustin', nines
And bustaz can't get none, hell no
A quick flurry and he's buried with a swelled jaw
I came up from the amateurs to pro hits
At 5-0, so you know I take no shit
And everybody wants to kill a bringer
Of bad news, so they choose, to point the finga


(2Pac)
One two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, till these motherfuckers kill me
I bring skills and I build, kill at will
Smoke sess till I'm ill, still feel me?
I say one two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, till these motherfuckers kill me
Pick it up, pick it up, give it up
Best to duck or get fucked for your bucks
Scream one two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, till these motherfuckers kill me
I can't give up, it's a black thang
And I ain't goin' back to the crack game
(You can do it son; be a man and stand up or run)
Bitches, let 'em point the finga
(You can do it son; be a man and stand up or run)
Snitches, let 'em point the finga
Yo, one two three, peace to the real G's
Still me, till these motherfuckers kill me
I guess nobody loves a rap singer
That's why these motherfuckers... (hahaha!) point the finga
(Laughter echoed)

I've changed...
You mothafuckas kill me
I've changed...

It ain't that I've changed
But it's strange how you mothafuckas rearrange
When I found fame
Point ya finger at tha bad guy

You know what my momma usta tell me
If ya can't find something ta live 4

Then you best, find something ta die 4

(Eazy saying 'if there's hell below, we're all gonna go')
Repeats through interlude

Deep deep

La'tasha Hardings
Remember that name...
Cause a bottle of juice...
Is not something 2 die 4

Young Quaid
Remember that name...
Cause all you mothafuckas
That go to your grave with that name on your brain
Cause jelousy and recklousness
Is not, something 2 die 4

All you Niggas out there
(Echoed laughter)
Got a crack that crumbles
When I say all you Niggas (all you niggas)
Unite
One nigga, teach 2 niggas
4 niggas teach more niggas
All tha poor niggas
Tha penn niggas
Tha rich niggas
Tha strong niggas
Unite

There's more of us than there is of them
Look around...
Check your strip

Deep deep

That's something 2 die 4

Black

That's something 2 live 4

What do I know?
(Man) Got any last wordz?
(Ice T) Yeah, yeah I got some last wordz

Once again it's on
Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house
The nigga you love to hate
Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house
The nigga you love to hate
Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house
The nigga you love to hate
Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house
The nigga you love to hate

(Ice cube)
Yo, here comes the nigga with the ruff, terror
The para-noid, gots to get the boy
Get your steel 'cause I feel like a headbanger
Yah, I got a gang of shits, styles guns
My uzi wieghts a mutha-fuckin' ton
Bucking down one, bucking down two,
Bucking down your crew, mutha fuck you
Pigs wear blue
I wear black, nothing but black
Cause god damn it's a brand new payback
Fuck Pat Sajak, never did nothing for a nigga
On tha trigga the zigga the zag the nickel the bag
The nigga the sag the forty four mag. got you runnin' like a fag
So, keep your mutha-fuckin' jokes
'Cause, I'm that nigga with a fresh pair of locs
No yokes but smokes
Crakers and them dirty mackers friends aren't jackers
Get yah for your drawers, young niggas out to kill for the cars

Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house
Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house
Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house
Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house
Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house
Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house

(Ice T)
O to the mutha fuckin' G I break crazy
A lot of niggas hate me but they can't fade me
Stop me clock me cops wanna glock me
Mutha fuck mutha fuck pigs can't stop me
Uh, am I a G, I got proof
Banged in my youth, keep niggas on the roof
With a scope, dough, Cube keep the rope Tupac string a nigga up
Hit the mob dope
So what's up Punk
You want what I got step to me wrong fuck around and get shot
Your moms crying fuck her bust her
Bitch start screaming to me and I'll dust her
Pops got the LP phat, track on hit
Laid by the mutha fuckin' Bobcat
Ninety three suckas want me to go out
Throw the hoe out, bitch mutha fucker I'm rich

Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house
Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house
Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house
Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house
Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house

Got any last wordz

(Tupac)
Now they're after me, why? 'cause a niggas black
Sit back
Ain't afraid to pull a triggar back
Let 'em come step to a real mutha-fucker
(Boom, Boom) Mama ain't raised no suckers
Dan Quayle, don't you know you need to get your ass kicked
Where was you when there was niggas in the caskets?
Mutha-fucker rednecks all the same
Feel a real nigga if he ain't balled and chained
That's why we burn shit and wreck
Cause the punk police ain't learned shit yet
You mutha-fuckas gonna pay the price
Can't make a Black life, don't take a Black life
It's on, the next real nigga fall dead
Dred, jheri curl, process, or bald head
Be prepared for the smoke to bust
What niggas need to do is start loc'in up
United we stand divided we fall
They can shoot one nigga
But they can't take us alll
Let's get along with the Mexicans
And we can all have peace on the sets again
Imagine that if it took place (ha ha ha)
Keeping the smile off their white fakes
I ain't racist but lets trade places
Trace the hate 'n' face it
One nigga teach two niggas
Three teach four niggas
And them niggas teach more niggas
And when we blast
That'll be the biggest blast you've heard
And them is my last wordz
(Dorky sounding white guy)
Mr. Shakur, can you please explain the meaning
Behind your violent lyrics?

(2Pac)
Explain the meaning?
The fuck these niggaz talkin' bout?

* Sounds of running and sirens in background *

(Kid) Damn...
(Cop) Police, FREEZE!
(Kid) Can't get shit off!
(Cop) I said FREEZE you miserable black son of a bitch!
(Kid) What, come on, come on!

* Gun shot *

--(Pac): Tupac Shakur as himself
--(Soul): Tupac Shakur as 'Souljah'

(Soul) My attitude is shitty
My message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggaz in the city?
(Pac) The critics or the cops?
(Soul) The courts or the crooks, don't look so confused
Take a closer look
(Pac) Niggaz get they neck broke daily
Tryin' to stay jail free
(Soul) What the fuck does Quayle know
Of young black males?
(Both) Please tell me
(Soul) Message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggaz in the city?
(Pac) Huh, I pack a nine millimeter 'cause I got 'em livin' hotter
Than the 4th of July, if I gotta die, I gotta
(Soul) Momma told me, Don't let 'em fade me...
(Both) ... nigga don't let 'em make you crazy!
Game is what she gave me
(Pac) Gotta watch your back, strapped
(Soul) Real niggaz rat-pack
(Pac) If you get your ass taxed, bring a gat back
That's not the way we made it
(Soul) That's just the way it is
(Both) Slangin rocks, in front of niggaz kids
(Pac) I came up
My message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggaz in the city?
Cops pull me over, check my plates, but I'm legal
(Soul) You couldn't get me, figure, Fuck with a niggaz people
(Pac) They got me trapped, gat with the motherfuckin hammer back
(Soul) Cops on my back, just 'cause I'm black, SNAP
(Pac) Now I'm guilty?
Message to the censorship committee
Who's the biggest gang of niggaz in the city?
(Both) All you punk police will never find peace
On the streets till the niggaz get a piece, fuck em!
(Soul) They kill you to control ya
(PAY) top dollar for your soul
(Both) Real niggaz don't fold, straight souljah!
(Pac) Can't find peace on the streets
Till the niggaz get a piece, fuck police, hear them screamin
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Till the niggaz get a piece, fuck police, hear them screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Till the niggaz get a piece, fuck police, screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Till the niggaz get a piece, fuck police, screamin
(I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Till the niggaz get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Till the niggaz get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
Fuck em! Can't find peace on the streets
Till the niggaz get a piece, fuck police (I hear ya!)
The niggaz scream fuck em!
(Soul) Motherfuckin punk police (I hear ya!)
Thinkin' they run the motherfuckin streets
It's mo' niggaz than it's police
Think (I hear ya!)
One nigga, teach two niggaz
Teach three niggaz, teach fo' niggaz (I hear ya!)
Teach mo' niggaz, and we could run this shit!
(Both) I hear ya!

They finally pulled me over and I laughed
Remember Rodney King and I blast on his punk ass (I hear ya!)
(Repeat 10X with snips and scratches)

(Soul) Souljah
So what the fuck you talkin' about?! Aw, shit.
Goody, goody, gumdrops.
Nigga, get your hoodie and your gun cocked.
Rock it till the drum stops.
Hip hop.
Even if my shit flip flop
And it probably wouldn't stop.
Talk shit and get socked.
How ya hang em?
Know a realer nigga? You could bring him.
If I don't represent the shit,
I'll kick it.
We could sway him.
As if I know ya.
Huh. Then I could show ya.
But if I don't know, I gotta fo' fo' fo' ya.
So, so peep game
At point blank range.
The fame can't change what the game maintains.
Strange. Wind against the grain.
Aw shit. Flick or no flick I trips for no bitch.
Catch up on your pimpin'.
I ain't simpin. I'm a dis her.
Couldn't be my sister if she actin' like I missed her.
Tell me why they, tell me why they, tell me why they play me.
Don't these niggas know that neither one of y'all can fade me.
I ain't big, I ain't buff, I ain't diesel.
But fuck wit Tupac and pop goes the weesel.
Me and Threat made a bet on how many fellas
Would jack a motha fuckin' real nigga 'cause they jealous.
They do it for the fame.
Explain. Insane. What's in a name? What's in a name?
Peep game.

Punk bitch, how ya like me now?
Can't fuck around wit the funky style.
Put it together like a puzzle builder.
If Trenton don't get cha, pops gon' kill ya.

Killa Cali.
The state where they kill.
Down wit Oaktown? What's up homie, can I chill?
The bitches lookin' funny.
Feel 'em at me. Feel 'em at me wit they minds on they heaven
Wit they .357.
-Where you at?
*On the freeway, deep in LA.
-OK, see you when get here loc.
*OK.
-Here I am. Here I am.
*Goddamn that was quick.
-Told ya I was comin'. Who is that? Is that your woman?
*Na, that's just a hooch looking for some juice.
-What's up my nigga? What ya know? A nigga got a little bigger.
That's all folks know.
No Fat gold ropes.
Gotta keep a low key for my attack.
When I approach, I want the diamonds, the pearls.
The round the way girls.
'Cause baby got, baby got back out this world.
Would you give a fee? Never.
Fly like a feather.
Make more money than your daddie and your mother put together.
The game is to be sold, not to be told.
So buy it.
Can't afford it?
Low budget hoes gotta brother.
Peep game.


Don't sell out.
Get the hell out.
'Cause here I come.
Hit 'em with my bop gun.
They came and they blast.
We got wit they ass.
And oh, pop this vest and all the rest of that mess.
Comin' through like Terminater 2.
Boost your crew 'cause we ain't afraid of you.
You know what time it is wit me once the clock stike 3.
We goin' coo-coo like Cocoa Puffs. ooohwee


Time to get paid, time to get paid. Check.
Time to represent the west. On me: nuttin but a vest.
Got my hands on my glock, eyes on the prize.
First sucka jump, first nigga die.
Gimme mine, gimme mine, gimme mine like I told ya.
Hard as a boulder.
Motha fuckin' souja.
Boom bam boom! It's a stick up.
Vice president Dan Quayle eat a dick up.
Peep game.


(Spoken by Tupac)
Punk bitch
Fuck all those motha fuckas, they all can eat a motha fuckin' dick up.
Word up. Fuck the police. I don't give a fuck.
Bobcat in this motha fucka boy.
Big up! Big up! To the criminals.
Fuck em.

This is serious business.

Yeah, microphone mafia.
Tupac, Threat, Bobcat.
93 shot.
Yeah nigga, bitch
Eat a dick up

Chorus (Rakim):
Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money (2x)

Verse One: Live Squad

Strugglin, jugglin, got it to the black man
Eatin the scams like I was motherfuckin Pac Man
Cops step off, you know the flavor
They fear the ruffneck niggaz with the lunatic behavior
And now we gotta eat, gotta make ends meet
Stabbin for a fee, it gets hard on the fuckin' streets
It's like a madness, fuck making gravy
I rhyme and do crimes, 'cause either way pays me
A little rough with a hardcore... theme
Couldn't rough something rougher in your... dreams
Mad rugged so you know we're gonna... rip
With that roughneck nigga named 2Pacalypse
Representing YG'z yo
Flip Stretch Homicide and my nigga Gambino
Seek and Po can't forget Money Bags
Stickin up spots and jumpin' in Jags
Gotta get ahead and always stay bumblin
And always keep a hand on the gat
'Cause a niggaz straight strugglin

Chorus (Rakim):
Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money (2x)

Verse Two: Live Squad

I used to be on tour, but now I'm sick of strugglin
I thought about bumpin, but mother-fuck jugglin
I know it lasts longer, gets my pockets thicker
But I'd rather use my gun 'cause I get the money quicker, so bust it
Look as I cut the records hard to eject
A quick clip threw my body down uh! it's another hit
I got energy to blast now you want the task here
'Cause of the light a motherfucker shot that ass up
But rugged and rough is how I'm steppin
Mac is the weapon, and it's always kept in
Eye on the Mac cause the dog got it goin' on
If you come up steppin you'll be lit like a hick
So you better chill, 'cause I got too much money to get
A street thug in the motherfuckin house, I'm strugglin
Get drunk but I don't think
I'm just in it for the money, don't be a punk snitch
When I yank up my gun, don't run don't bitch
Cause ya know if you do, you'll be layin in a ditch
You'll get your stupid ass blown out the frame
'Cause I'm playing to win, and survive in the game
I'm strugglin

Chorus (Rakim):
Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money (2x)

Verse Three: 2Pac

Big up, big up, got him in the frame, bang
Ain't nothin' changed set it off I let the brains hang
Guess who's back, to put niggaz on they back
Till I call back, niggaz runnin' free better fall back
I'm fifty niggaz deep beat sleep
With a Mossberg wrapped in my seats
Three deep in my Jeep chief run with the Young Gunz
Strugglin and strivin, that's how the dough come
Now get gunned by the one with the gun for the low goal
Throw a bolo so low when I flow yo
Much too high to read the signs, I'm blind
Clickin on the nine, out to get mine
I go big up, big up, gotta make the room, boom
Blowin' motherfuckers to the moon
Niggaz need to feel me a real G, home from the bumblin
See me on the block, strugglin
And rollin' with the roughnecks nuff checks cashed
I get in niggaz ass, blast
Straight strugglin

Chorus (Rakim):
Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money (Repeats)
Guess who's back?

(2Pac)
Drop the drums, here it comes, only got
Two minutes to bounce, and every second counts
Better press, wreck on your tech, here we go, set pass the Moet
My trickery's more slippery when wet
Wicked as I flip, don't trip, get a grip
It'll kick, if the bass line's thick, it's a hit
Everybody's got a mic now, it's like a hobby
But more like a job, cause bootleggers tryin' to rob me
And little man wants to be a rap, star
Make papes, hit skins, drive a fat car
It ain't easy, sleazy even
Deceivin those we, believe in
No benefits, just tricks and chicks
Knock a pig to pick, so here's a stick to lick
I shoot a gift, till there ain't none left
And if I find that the track sound deaf
I catch wreck till I lose my breath
That's how it goes in the land of broke
I dispose of those, rock shows, and collect my dough
Now I suppose I'm the bad guy, why?
I say, Hi, and try to stay high
Life's a mess don't stress, test... of givin'
But be thankful that you're livin'... blessed
Guess who's back, comin' back with the track supplied
By Special Ed and Ak, comin' right and exact
I'm fightin it back, now snap, where they at?
When it's time to go to combat, guess who's back

Chorus: repeat 4X

Yes I'm back -> Special Ed
Tupac is ... back!

(2Pac)
Drop the drums, here it comes, only got
One minute to bounce, and every second counts
I went from hustlin dicks, to makin' hits, bustin' flicks
Now I'm sure to be rich for ninety-six
I pull my 'capes on tapes, and make, papes
Trace the bass, to the tape with the baddest bass to date
I try to shake it but the pace is hard to break
Good thoughts I wait, 'cause they hate my black take
Yeah, it's on, and it's packed in the rap race
But if ya got a black face, it's a rat race
I struggle to be rugged and raw, Dukes
Tryin' to survive in the trials and lawsuits
Everybody wants to test me, why me?
No lie, nuckas cried when they try me
Givin' up the roughness, justice
I'ma bust as I'm rippin up 'nuff hits
And guess who's back? No longer trapped
'Cause I snapped on the ones that held me back, feel the contact
Ride the track, get I grip as I flip
Ghetto wickedness I kick, guess who's back?


Yes I'm back, 'cause I never did front -> cut 'n' scratched
I got a head, but ain't no screws in it.

Roll up and get swoll up.
Hold up.
How ya gonna play me like a sunkin dunkin donut?
I ain't came a long way to get checked
So give me respect when I get wreck or
Get your motha fuckin' chimp check.
Once again, it's your friend outta Oakland.
Hoping I rock the shit to get ya open.
Say your looking for some real shit.
Then catch a funkdified batch.
Like that!
Oakland's on the map.
Tupac is on the big screen strivin.
Gotta love a nigga for survivin.
I wear alot of old schools jewels.
Look how the fools ??. Ooh.
Stop lookin' at me hard 'cause your buffer.
But I'll just buck then bigger motha fuckas.
Turnin' men to suckas.
Niggas wanna start a little ruckus.
Better duck 'cause I'll be poundin them motha fuckas.
They wanna throw their hands up. That's tight.
Hit 'em wit my eight. Never had shit left, right.
Then hit 'em wit the uppercut. Duck quick.
Shit outta luck. Fucked and stuck with that rough shit.
Fuck a pop song, fuck a video, fuck Arsenio, fuck the radio.
Do you hear me though?
Give a holla to my niggas in the pen.
And my murderous partners with their Mac 10's.
I represent the real 'cause I'm ill, G.
Glock cocked and then they kill me.
I'm representin'.

I got a head, but ain't no screws in it.
Strictly Representin
I got a head, but ain't no screws in it.

Peace to Redman, Tretch, Vin Rock, K-G the great one
Mary J. Blidge, Pete Rock and sure you're late son.
Heavy D, CL Smooth, and Queen Latifah.
Too Short, Tony Toni Tone,
And the Special motha fucka, Ed Lover, the Tribe, A Tribe Called Quest, and
Jungle Brothas. Das Efx, EPMD, and Ice Cube.
House of Pain: funky blunted ass white dudes.
Cypress Hill, yeah, they ill niggas.
Digital Underground: my real niggas.
Raw Fusion, all in house confusion.
Wickeder than most men: Spice 1 and Pooh Man.
TLC, Eric B rockin', then Scarface.
Stretch, Mad K-Low, pumpin the scars bass.
Thoro Headz, Poonannynans, the Click.
Mmmm. E-40, The Governen and Richie Rich.
Young Guns in the house pumpin the flava.
DJ Ditch for their behavior.
Off the head, my freestyle flow.
Just a couple of motha fuckas that I know.
I'm strictly representin

I got a head, but ain't no screws in it.
Yeah Stricly Representin
1 motha fucka, 2 motha fucka, 3 motha fuckas,
Damn, who did I forget?

But ain't no screws in it
I'm a soulja.
Daddy was a soulja.
Strong in the struggle.
Must contend so it's on.
Raised in a house full of bad motha fuckas.
Mad motha fuckas.
Never had so we grab from the stacked motha fuckas.
Now they know me, the homies.
Raised by some crazed ass well paid OG's.
Ah shit!
Pulled up in a benzy, snatch.
The wheel as I peel out. Catch a cop's tail.
Rock shells hit. Raise a fist so they know to make a hit.
Can I flip it? I may get wicked as I rip it.
Huh. To get specific: If the shoe fits, then kick it.
It's for the gifted. Pump your fist if you wit it.
Here's your ticket to see Mr. Wicked rip shit.
Now they wanna maime me.
(Told ya)
All I wanted to be was a soulja.
Bang bang boogy it's stick up.
Quit now nigga, eat a dick up.
I'm representin
Little somethin' for my godson Elijah and a little girl named Corrine

Verse One:

Some say the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
I say the darker the flesh then the deeper the roots
I give a holler to my sisters on welfare
Tupac cares, if don't nobody else care
And uh, I know they like to beat ya down a lot
When you come around the block brothers clown a lot
But please don't cry, dry your eyes, never let up
Forgive but don't forget, girl keep your head up
And when he tells you you ain't nuttin don't believe him
And if he can't learn to love you you should leave him
Cause sista you don't need him
And I ain't tryin' to gas ya up, I just call 'em how I see em
You know it makes me unhappy (what's that)
When brothas make babies, and leave a young mother to be a pappy
And since we all came from a woman
Got our name from a woman and our game from a woman
I wonder why we take from our women
Why we rape our women, do we hate our women?
I think it's time to kill for our women
Time to heal our women, be real to our women
And if we don't we'll have a race of babies
That will hate the ladies, that make the babies
And since a man can't make one
He has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one
So will the real men get up
I know you're fed up ladies, but keep your head up


Ooh child things are gonna get easier
Ooh child things are gonna get brighter

Ooh child things are gonna get easier
Ooh child things are gonna get brighter

Verse Two:

Aiyyo, I remember Marvin Gaye, used to sing ta me
He had me feelin' like black was tha thing to be
And suddenly tha ghetto didn't seem so tough
And though we had it rough, we always had enough
I huffed and puffed about my curfew and broke the rules
Ran with the local crew, and had a smoke or two
And I realize momma really paid the price
She nearly gave her life, to raise me right
And all I had ta give her was my pipe dream
Of how I'd rock the mic, and make it to tha bright screen
I'm tryin' to make a dollar out of fifteen cents
It's hard to be legit and still pay tha rent
And in the end it seems I'm headin for tha pen
I try and find my friends, but they're blowin' in the wind
Last night my buddy lost his whole family
It's gonna take the man in me to conquer this insanity
It seems tha rain'll never let up
I try to keep my head up, and still keep from gettin' wet up
You know it's funny when it rains and pours
They got money for wars, but can't feed the poor
They say there ain't no hope for the youth and the truth is
There ain't no hope for tha future
And then they wonder why we crazy
I blame my mother, for turning my brother into a crack baby
We ain't meant to survive, 'cause it's a setup
And even though you're fed up
Huh, ya got to keep your head up


Verse Three:

And uh
To all the ladies havin' babies on they own
I know it's kinda rough and you're feelin' all alone
Daddy's long gone and he left you by ya lonesome
Thank the Lord for my kids, even if nobody else want em
'Cause I think we can make it, in fact, I'm sure
And if you fall, stand tall and comeback for more
Cause ain't nuttin worse than when your son
Wants to know why his daddy don't love him no mo'
You can't complain you was dealt this
Hell of a hand without a man, feelin' helpless
Because there's too many things for you to deal with
Dying inside, but outside you're looking fearless
While tears, is rollin' down your cheeks
Ya steady hopin things don't fall down this week
'Cause if it did, you couldn't take it, and don't blame me
I was given this world I didn't make it
And now my son's getten older and older and cold
From havin' the world on his shoulders
While the rich kids is drivin' Benz
I'm still tryin' to hold on to survivin friends
And it's crazy, it seems it'll never let up, but
Please... you got to keep your head up
Yo 'Law, is it cool if a nigga just get fucked up for this one?
Yeah, Mr.Fuck-a-Cop is back and I still don't give a fuck yaknahmsayin'
Puffin on this indo, in the studio with my partners out here
Pacific Heights in the house, know what I mean

I was framed, so don't make the same mistake, nigga
You gotta learn how to shake the snakes, nigga
'Cause the police love to break a nigga
Send 'em upstate 'cause they straight-up hate the niggaz

So what I do is get a crew of zoo niggaz
Straight fools into rules and do niggaz
And one-time had enough of me
I'm still raw so the law can't fuck with me

They wanna send me to the pen, punk picture that
I stay strapped motherfuckers better get your gat
It ain't easy bein' me I can't take it
Life as a celebrity ain't everything they make it

And ever since the movies, these hoes try to do me
If they can't screw me, they find a way to sue me
Now, can you picture me coolin' at a night club?
Nothin' but love, but motherfuckers wanna mean mug

Since I wear a lot of gold, they plot
Don't know what I got and get shot with the hot ones
And aww yeah, I wanna feel guilty
But you punk motherfuckers tried to milk me

You'll get smacked behind the hill with my phone on my pager
It's beepin' while I cut you with my razor
I'm not violent, I'm petrified and nervous

I got no mercy for these niggaz tryin' to serve us
But if you catch me outta pocket, then I'm got
You love to shoot a nigga but you scared to pop a cop, now drop it

Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my niggaz makin' G's

Reflected and disrespected, plus I'm rejected
You're just another rapper who swears he's makin' records
That's what they said whenever I would walk by
I never tripped though always kept my head up high

Eventually, I knew that I would find my way
After the darkest night, always comes a brighter day
And some would say that turned away is all you'll get
I just said, bet, and never let 'em see me sweat

'Cause in the end, I knew that I would have it all
While non-believers were prayin' for my downfall
And some would call and tell me that they wish me well
But in my heart, I'm knowin' that they wish me hell

Yo get a real job, rappin' doesn't pay the rent
I hate the studio 'cause that's where all my money went
Never surrender, it's all about the faith you've got
Don't ever stop, just push it till you hit the top

And if you drop, at least you know you gave your all
Be true to you and that way you can never fall
But beware these backstabbers ain't no joke
Just like a rope, they hang on you until you're broke

And when you're broke, they move onto the next dope
And there you are, can't even pay your car, nope
And when you reminisce, thinkin' how you got dissed

Remember how it felt, and then remember this
Be true to you, believe that there's no one bigger
'Cause they can all suck dick, it's strictly 4 my niggaz

Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my niggaz makin' G's

Listen, this is for the critics if you live up
Pick up my shit or I'll be back doin' stickups
I better see five stars next to my picture
If not Tupac will cop the glock and come knockin' to getcha

I told you once motherfucker I'm a nut
Play me like a butt and you'll be bleedin' when you're fucked
Niggaz know what's up but they be tryin' to hold me down
I'm comin' outta Oaktown, bitch fuck around

And it ain't where you from that makes you hardcore
Nigga, it's the way you throw them thangs in the war
And to the marks that be talkin' all that shit
Screamin' out the next nigga's name like a bitch

And the niggaz that I ran into recently
The motherfuckers at the club that pulled the piece on me
You little bitches should've pulled the fuckin' trigga
Now you live in fear of a heartless-ass, nigga

Mr.Troublesome, niggaz tried to play me with the gat
But like Terminator nigga, I'll be back
Yeah, and I'll be back with a fuckin' army
You tried to harm me, ruh-ring the alarm G!

'Cause most motherfuckers love to act up
Without they backup, when they get jacked up they crack up
It's strictly for my niggaz at the show
So they know, not to play me like a ho-ho, strictly 4 my

Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my niggaz makin' G's

Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my niggaz makin' G's

Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my niggaz makin' G's

Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strict-strict
Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strict-strict
Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strict-strict
Strictly 4 my niggaz makin' G's

Strictly, strictly, strict-strict, strictly, strictly, strict-strict
Strictly, strictly, strict-strict, strictly 4 my niggaz makin' G's

Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my niggaz makin' G's

Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my, strictly 4 my niggaz
Strictly 4 my niggaz makin' G's
Growing up as an inner city brotha
Where every other had a pops and a motha
I was tha product of a heated lover
Nobody knew how deep it screwed me
And since my pops never knew me
My family didn't know what ta do with me
Was I somebody they despise
Curious look in they eyes
As if they wonder if I'm dead or alive
Poor momma can't control me
Quit tryin' ta save my soul, I wanna roll with my homies
A ticken timebomb
Can't nobody fade me
Packin' a 380
And fiendin' for my mercedes
Suckers scatter
But it don't matter I'm a cool shot
Punks drop from all tha buckshots tha fools got
I'm tired of being a nice guy
I've been poor all my life, but don't know quite why
So they label me a lunatic
Could care less
Death or success
Is what I quest
'Cause I'm fearless
Now tha streetz R Deathrow


('Cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
Tha streetz R Deathrow
('Cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
Tha streetz R Deathrow

I just murdered a man, I'm even more stressed
Wearin' a vest
Hopein' that their aimin' at my chest
Much too young to bite tha bullet
Hand on tha trigga
I see my life before my eyes each time I pull it
I hope I live to be a man
Must be part of some big plan to keep a brotha in tha state
Penn
Counting pennys over tha years
I'd done stacked many
Proven wrong those
Who swore I'd wouldn't live till twenty
Now they gotta cope
Since it's tha only thing I know
It's difficult to let it go
I'm startin' to lose my hair 'cause I worry
Hustlin' to keep from gettin' buried
But now I gotta move away now
Cause these suckers wanna spray where I lay down
My homie lost his family and snapped
Shot up half tha block to bring them back
Tha streetz R Deathrow


('Cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
Tha streetz R Deathrow
('Cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
Tha streetz R Deathrow
('Cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
Tha streetz R Deathrow
('Cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
(Like it ain't nothin')

I'm dangerous
When drunk I only drink beer
Gin makes me sin
Unable to think clear
Heneesee, makes me think my enemy is getting close
Boom boom boom
Got me shooting at a ghost
Some call me crazy
But this is what you gave me
Amongst tha babies, who raised up from tha slavery
I sport a vest and hit tha sess to kill tha stress
Moved out west and I invest in all tha best
Those who test will find a bullet in they chest
Put ta rest
By a brotha who was hopeless
Grow up broke on tha rope of insanity
How many pistols smoking coming from a broken family
I'm sick of being tired
Sick of tha sirens, body bags, and tha gun firing
Tell bush to push tha button 'cause I'm fed
Tired of hearin' these voices in my head
Tha streetz R Deathrow


('Cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
Tha streetz R Deathrow
('Cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
Tha streetz R Deathrow
('Cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
Tha streetz R Deathrow
('Cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
Tha streetz R Deathrow
('Cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
This goes out to my partners in tha Live Squad
(Like it ain't nothin')
And all my homies out there involved in that 187
Watch your back...
('Cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
There got to be a better way...
('Cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
There's too many of us in tha cemetery
('Cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
I love it when they fear me
Come on, what we gonna do now
('Cause I'll beat you down, like it ain't nothin')
I love it when they fear me
Tha streetz R Deathrow
Aw yeah, I get around
Still clown with the Underground, when we come around
Stronger than ever

(Tupac)
Back to get wreck
All respect to those who break their neck to keep their hoes in check
Cause oh they sweat a brother majorly
And I don't know why, your girl keeps paging me
She tell me that she needs me, cries when she leaves me
And every time she sees me, she squeeze me, lady take it easy!
Hate to sound sleazy, but tease me, I don't want it if it's that easy
Ayo bust it, baby got a problem saying bye bye
Just another hazard of a fly guy
You ask why, don't matter, my pockets got fatter
Now everybody's looking for the latter
And ain't no need in being greedy
If you wanna see me dial the beeper number baby when you need me
And I'll be there in a jiffy
Don't be picky, just be happy with this quickie
But when you learn, you can't tie me down
Baby doll, check it out, I get around

What you mean you don't know? I get around
The Underground just don't stop for hoes, I get around
Still down with the Underground, I get around
Yeah, ayo Shock, let them hoes know

(Shock G)
Now you can tell from my everday fits, I ain't rich
So cease and desist with them tricks (tricks)
I'm just another black man caught up in the mix (mix)
Trying to make a dollar out of fifteen cents (A dime and a nickel)
Just 'cause I'm a freak don't mean that we could hit the sheets
Baby I can see, that you don't recognize me
I'm Shock G, the one who put the satin on your panties
Never knew a hooker that could share me, I get around

(Money B)
What's up love, how you doing? (All right)
Well I've been hanging sanging, trying to do my thang
Oh, you heard that I was banging
Your home girl you went to school with, that's cool
But did she tell you about her sister and your cousin? Thought I wasn't
See, weekends were made for Michelob
But it's a Monday, my day, so just let me hit it, yo
And don't mistake my statement for a clown
We can keep in the down low long as you know, that I get around

(Tupac)
2Pacalypse now don't stop for hoes, I get around
Why I ain't call you? Ha ha, please

Finger tips on the hips as I dip, gotta get a tight grip, don't slip
Loose lips sink ships, it's a trip
I love the way she licks her lips, see me jocking
Put a little twist in her hips 'cause I'm watching
Conversations on the phone till the break of dawn
Now we all alone, why the lights on?
Turn 'em off, time to set it off, get you wet and soft
Something's on your mind, let it off
You don't know me, you just met me, you won't let me
Well if I couldn't have it (silly rabbit) why you sweating me?
It's a lot of real G's doing time
Cause a groupy bit the truth and told a lie
You picked the wrong guy baby if you're too fly
You need to hit the door, search for a new guy
'Cause I only got one night in town
Break out or be clown, baby doll are you down?
I get around

(Shock G)
Round and round, round we go (Repeat 8x)
Daddy's home...

(2Pac)
Heh, so??
You say that like that means somethin' to me
You've been gone a mighty long motherfuckin time
For you to be comin' home talkin' that "daddy's home" shit (nigga)
We been gettin' along fine just without you
Me, my brother, and my mother
So if you don't mind, you can step the FUCK off, POPS... fuck you!

(2Pac)
Had to play catch by myself, what a sorry sight
A pitiful plight, so I pray for a starry night
Please send me a pops before puberty
The things I wouldn't do to see a piece of family unity
Moms always work, I barely see her
I'm startin to get worried without a pops I'll grow to be her
It's a wonder they don't understand kids today
So when I pray, I pray I'll never grow to be that way
And I hope that he answers me
I heard God don't like ugly well take a look at my family
A different father every weekend
Before we get to meet him they break up before the week ends
I'm gettin' sick of all the friendships
As soon as we kick it he done split and the whole shit ends quick
How can I be a man if there's no role model?
Strivin to save my soul I stay cold drinkin' a forty bottle
I'm so sorry...

I'm so sorry
For all this time (I'm so sorry)
For all this time
For all this time (don't lie)
I'm so sorry
For all this time (so, sorry)
For all this time
For all this time, so sorry baby!

(Wycked)
Moms had to entertain many men
Didn't wanna do it but it's time to pay the rent again
I'm gettin' a bit older and I'm startin to be a bother
Moms can't stand me 'cause I'm lookin' like my father
Should I stay or run away, tell me the answer
Moms ignores me and avoids me like cancer
Grow up rough and it's hard to understand stuff
Moms was tough cause his poppa wasn't man enough
Couldn't stand up to his own responsibilities
Instead of takin' care of me, he'd rather live lavishly
That's why I'll never be a father;
Unless you got the time it's a crime don't even bother
(That's when I started hatin' the phony smiles
Said I was an only child)
Look at mama's lonely smile
It's hard for a son to see his mother cry
She only loves you, but has to fuck with these other guys
I'm so sorry...

I'm so sorry
For all this time
For all this time
For all this time
I'm so sorry
For all this time
For all this time (so sorry)
For all this time, so sorry baby!

(2Pac)
Man child in the promised land couldn't afford many heroes
Moms was the only one there my pops was a no-show
And oh -I guess ya didn't know
That I would grow to be so strong
Lookin' kinda pale, was it the ale oh pops was wrong
Where was the money that you said, you would send me
Talked on the phone and you sounded so friendly
Ask about school and my welfare
But it's clear, you ain't sincere hey who the hell cares
You think I'm blind but this time I see you comin', Jack
You grabbed your coat, left us broke, now ain't no runnin' back
Ask about my moms like you loved her from the start
Left her in the dark, she fell apart from a broken heart
So don't even start with that "wanna be your father" shit
Don't even bother with your dollars I don't need it
I'll bury moms like you left me all alone G
Now that that I finally found you, stay the Fuck away from me
You're so sorry...

I'm so sorry (so sorry)
For all this time (so, so sorry)
For all this time (I'm so so sorry)
For all this time (fuck that!)
I'm so sorry
For all this time (no)
For all this time (so sorry)
For all this time, so sorry baby!

(Tupac - impersonating his father)
I never meant to leave but I was wanted
Crossed too many people every house I'd touch was haunted
Had to watch the strangers every brother was in danger
If I was to keep you breathin, had to be out of range-a
Had to move, one to lost my name and pick the number
Made me watch my back I had no happy home to run to
Maybe it's my fault for being a father livin' fast
But livin' slow, mean half the dough, and you won't get no ass
Hindsight shows me it was wrong all along
I wanted to make some dough so you would grow to be so strong
It took a little longer than I thought
I slipped, got caught, and sent to jail by the courts
Now I'm doin' time and I wish you'd understand
All I ever wanted was for you to be a man
And grow to be the type you was meant to be
Keep the war fightin by the writings that you sent to me
I'm so sorry...

(Chorus w/ variations till end
Yeah hehehahaha, we goin' platinum nigga! Plaahahatinum.

(Stretch)
Yeah, you got the Live Squad in this motherfucker
We got my nigga Treach from Naughty by Nature in this motherfucker
My nigga Apache up in this motherfucker

(Verse One: 2Pac)
My Mossberg goes boom, gimme room, can I catch it
Talkin' quick and then I vic just tryin' to keep from gettin' blasted
I had enough I put a hit upon them bastards
Boo-yaa! Turned a snitch into a casket
Now they after me, prowling for a niggaz bucks
Time to see, who's the G, with the bigger nuts
Buck buck, big up and livin' reckless
Niggaz with a death wish step in with a Tec and I'll wet this
Yeah this shit is hyper
Two to one I'm writing representing and I'm striking like a viper
Huh, I got my mind made up, I got my nine
Ring the alarm, and strong arm must run
Some niggaz need to feel me with a passion
I'm old fashioned, run up on me nigga and get blasted
With five deadly venomz

(Stretch)
Yeah 'Pac, fuck that, still hittin 'em up with
That old deadly shit. Aiyyo Treach where you at?
Step up and hit they ass up with the wickedness.

(Verse Two: Treach)
We come to hit you with a sock full of Brooklyn
To the Onyx of your nose, punk is funky like skunk blunts
Stunk like funk cunt
I come to take you on a war rough and rugged route
And if another doubts I blow your fuckin' mother out
And that's the street scarred style
I shout I'm-de-MC-wit-de-nasty-mouf, and kick the bitch out
Sue me? I pay the lawyer for ya oh boy yeah
Plus my style's ten to twenty fuckin' pounds more
I take you quicker than a picture of a punk ya pickin' shit
Pickin' pockets with a razor stoppin' Russian rockets
Not shoplift, I'm liftin shop
Once you sound hot, 'cause if you ain't a perfect ten
My sign is stop!
It's twenty mother-crooked-fuckin' styles in em
Like women I did 'em I'm in for deadly ready venom

(Verse Three: Majesty of Live Squad)
Yeah, as I take a puff I get rough, Big Maj
To put it on, can't none come tougher see
I'm down with the sound of the Squad hard, boom!
Breakin 'em down, I make 'em see their doom
Coming straight from the dome where I roam it's a job to
Rob and steal and runnin' from the coppers
Who hold a, boulder, turn the gun controller
Started from a punk now to be a high roller
Youngest, reckless, crazy, disaster
Mac-11 blaster, and I run faster
Than a lot of cops I can't be stopped till my head gets popped
A lot of fuckin' bodies will drop
It's a disaster, I'm coming for the blood splatter
I make you scatter, leavin' trails of brains and bladders
Blowin' 'em out the frame with no shame
Game tight, drop a body then get out of sight
Count my loot after I shoot, leave my kicks up and it's
Something I don't wanna do, somethin' that I never did
I try to get him, I think I hit em, I lit him
He's out! A poison, a deadly venom

(Stretch)
Yeah Maj, fuck that! You know how we do.
KnowhatI'msayin? Squad in effect, YG'z in effect.
Now you know a nigga like me gotta represent

(Verse Four: Stretch of Live Squad)
Once again, back to rip shit, quick on the flip tip
The psycho, represent the real to take the mic flow
Deadly, rock a head G, check the melody
Niggaz can't touch me when I wreckin G you better flee
'Cause I'm gifted with a jab and a forty-four Mag
So nigga flip or take a trip in a body bag
Uh, boom you slipped up, now you're zipped up
Yeah one more statistic, fronted and got ripped up
No joke, you be yolk, no matter how it sound
We're taking over eight niggaz back to the stomping grounds
Line 'em up single file, dome runnin' in em
A nigga hit 'em with the venom, the fourth deadly venom

(Stretch)
Nigga, yaknowhatI'msayin? Fuck that!
I told you, we takin' over, yo 'Pac.

(Verse Five: 2Pac)
Five deadly venomz verse five be the livest
Strugglin and strive, keep a nine in my waistline
Take mine, you better bury me, G
Punk ass niggaz don't even worry me, see
I got a glock that say 'Pac run the block
Fuck the cops cause my gauge gets me... PAID
As I sit and reminesce about the old days
Hugging on my AK, fuck getting played, hey
I say niggaz need to get they mind right
Until they do I pop a clip and grip my nine tight
Now it's on everday could be my last day
That's why I blast on they ass as I past let the glass spray
First you had a mouth full of fronts
Now you're mouth's full of chunks, Pac's out puffin blunts
Deadly venomz

(Stretch)
Hahaha, yeah pass that shit over here.
Apache bout to clean shit up.

(Verse Six: Apache)
Throw up your middle finger! Start the track for the maniac
Only thing I'm givin' out is black donuts and dirty backs
Let me tell how you rough I get
I pop shit behind your back get in your face and pop the same shit
You can't get in because my gate's bigger I'ma snake nigga
My act guards me so hard I pull the fuckin' trigger
I'm a section to clinch your porch is like a pinch
Test a rhyme I'll knock your hairline back an inch
Fuckin' up pooh-butts, cut 'em like cold cuts
Choke 'em with my boot lace, then leave 'em hangin' like old nuts
Clip up and move out, time to get em
That's the results of fuckin' with the fifth venom in denim

(Stretch)
Yeah, yaknowhatI'msayin?
Five motherfuckin deadly venomz, in effect for ninety-three
Ninety-four ninety-five all that other shit.
We takin' this motherfucker over this larger hit.
YaknowhatI'msayin? Follow us, come along. YaknowhatI'msayin?
We takin' this motherfucker over. TRUST. We out.
(Yeah)
Bury me a G
Thug Life for life

(2pac)

Thinkin' back
Reminiscing on my teens
A young G
Gettin' paid over dope fiends
Fuckin' off cash that I make
Nigga, what's tha sense of workin hard
If you never get to play
I'm hustlin'
Stayin' out till it's dawn
And commin' home
At 6 o'clock in tha mornin'
Hand's on my glock
Eye's on tha prize
Finger on tha trigga when a nigga ride
Shootin' craps
Bustin' niggas out tha door
Pick my money off tha floor
God bless tha trife folks
Stuck on full, drunk again
Sippin' on Gin
With a couple of friends
Sayin' them thug life niggas be like major pimps
Stickin' to tha rules is what made it simp (Biatch)
And if I die
Let it be
But when they come for me
Bury me a G

I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my mothafucken riches
Even when I die
They won't worry me
Mama don't cry
Bury me a G

(Mopreme Shakur)

More Trouble than tha average
Just made 25 and I'm livin' like a savage
Bein a G ain't no easy thing
Cause you could fuck around get crossed
And get stuck in tha game
And for tha rest of your life you will sit and reminicse
Wonder why it had to end like this
And to tha G's you can feel my pain
Till tha mothafucka gets born again

(The Rated R)
You thought I was a game kid
I'm not tha nigga for playin' games
I let my buckshots rang
When I pull tha trigga on my gauge
I'm on a rampage
Makin' runs for tha devil
Ain't nothin' on my mind
But gettin' in some trouble
I'm tryin' to ride
No more loves
For me hard to figure
Get a nigga for some blunts
Or in some jewelry store (break that shit)
I gives a fuck nigga
Stuck outta luck
When I bust
Put me to my death
But I'm a G till the end of me

I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my mothafucken riches
Even when I die
They won't worry me
Mama don't cry
Bury me a G

(Big Syke)
I got nothin' ta loose so I choose to be a killer
Went from bangin' and slangin'
Now I'm a dope dealer
All my life paid tha price to be tha boss
Back in school
Broke tha rules I'm getten' tossed
Poppin' rocks on tha block was a past time
Pack a 9 all the time
You wanna test mine?
Don't cry
I die before they play me
From tha cradle to tha grave
Bury me

Straight up
Kickin' it with tha homies in tha hood
Gettin' drunk, smokin' blunts
A bitch said I'm no good
I gives a fuck
I spend my time in a dope spot
Never had no time for no bitch
Just slangin' rocks
And bustin' caps on your punk ass marks
Fake ass G's
Bitch niggaz with no heart
I'm stayin' real till I'm 6 feet deep
So when a nigga gone
Bury me a G

I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my mothafuckin riches
Even when I die
They won't worry me
Mama don't cry
Bury Me a G

(2pac)
Stuck on Full
Tangaray got a nigga high
Lord knows I don't need another DUI
I led a Thug Life
Heartless hustler
Just 'cause I fucked
Don't mean I trust her
Now my pagers vibratin'
Can't sleep
So I'm mobbin' to tha ho's house
Pumpin' Isely
Is it cool ta fuck is what I'm askin
Bitch recognize game and start laughin'
When I'm all in those guts and shit (Nigga you crazy)
Prayin' that a nigga don't nut too quick
'Cause I'll fuck and get up and let ya know
I'll be a 10 minute brotha for a $2 ho
Lots a ho's get mad and shit
I let a trick be a trick
You can have that bitch
'Cause I doubt if I change
Tha games a mothafucker
Real niggas turn ta bustas
Bury Me a G

I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta Keep my mind on my mothafucken riches
Even when I die
They won't worry me
Mama don't cry
Bury me a G (6x)

I ain't got time for bitches
Bitches
(Mopreme)
Just 'cause a nigga come in he got style
Don't think I won't flip it
Don't pull your file
But I got enough bullshit to deal with
I'm rollin' with the thugs so
You must be on drugs to the head
Get your ass break down
Broken half baby
I'm a feelin' like a motherfuckin psychopathic
And if you got beef best leave it in the freezer
I'm no joke
Mopreme straight loc
And you could get smoked
You hook the shit you get stroked
And all of that
And later be back for your motherfuckin dope sack
Kid it ain't the type of day to play doughnut
Don't get your ass sewn up
Why you leakin on my blown out
Hey, you're mixed up like a bowl of nuts
You fuck around and got it twisted up
Boy, don't get it twisted

Don't get it twisted!... (8x)

(Macadoshis)
It's the Macadoshis coming from the dark side
The park side where the O.G.s do ride
Ain't nothing but killers in the park
As many niggas lost they's heart
When my gat sparks
I'll bust a cap in that ass
Don't get it twisted
When I'm on a mission, niggas come with Mishy
You busters gettin' disciplined
And you're comin' up short on your life
When I smoke you with this mac-10
When it's on it's on
Fuck it
I'm makin' niggas kick the bucket when I check em' by inducis
Ain't no think to let my shit spin
You on my shit list hope you got a death wish
I tried to warn you but you missed me
You should have listened motherfucker when I said:
Don't get it twisted!

Don't get it twisted!... (6x)

(Rated R)
Niggas got problems about gettin' shit twisted
They need to stay the fuck out of grown folks business
Kids get a kick out of bumpin their big clips
But don't front no shit that brought no shit that peace started
'Cause I'm a cold hearted rider straight dunkin'
Never through with my streets
Never hurt nobody but my heat
East side brothers don't hear me though
They'd rather get shit twisted and gather like hoes
Bitch make ass niggas when I caught 'em
Couldn't bust a drape if they wanted
They're soft like Charmin
But I don't sweat varmits
I suffer with my black group
Just a one-day murderer
On the motherfuckin Rudy Poop
I snapped his soul, son
Ain't no damn thing funny when I spray your ass with my tongue
And your mommy can't save you now
Cause you got the job twisted up
For fuckin' with a killer

Don't get it twisted!... (8x)

(Fade out)
You can dance at the party and not get whipped

(2pac)
Shit don't stop (2x)

Game rules often slang to the right fools
Heavy hittin' at this motherfucker's straight spittin'
Diggin' deep into your brain while tryin' to explain
Why real niggas need to stick to the game
It's the same got these motherfuckers changin' on me
Jealous-ass player-haters gaming on me
Look out motherfucker homey-G
As in gettin' motherfuckers 'fore they come get me
Get down for the right for the wishes
Fake ass nigga, you in shit, for fightin' over bitches
You call that a player?
Straight-ass sissy
See me at my show nigga miss me
'Cause I ain't tryin' to hear that bullshit
Got a pistol motherfucker better pull quick
And just 'cause I'm rappin' don't mean I ain't scrappin
And if you clip when the shit happens, it don't stop

(Chorus) Shit don't stop...

(Y.N.V)
Now my guess is true
Them thug life niggas is a bull
Everywhere we go
The niggas trippin' at the door
I want to dance with you
You can dance at the party and not get whipped

(Macadoshis)
See the shit don't stop
My 9 goes pop
Your body drip-drop
Throw that ass in a zip-loc

(Rated R)
Now you've been hauled away in a body bag
Get your Sammy D said how your blood got sneeze me

(Macadoshis)
Yo you fuckin' with a thug yo your ass gets plugged
With this hollow-point slugs
With ya under the rug

(Rated R)
That's why my deaf niggas don't play that shit
In thug life niggas be the craziest

(Macadoshis)
So when you think about fuckin' this
You better wear a vest
But it really don't matter
We ain't aimin' at your chest

(Rated R)
Nah we blowin' holes in your motherfuckin' skull
Make sure your ass is smoked
That's all the fat lady wrote

(Macadoshis)
You heard that fat bitch sing when my shit went bang-bang
But it don't pay when I flaunt your brain

(Rated R)
Nigga, ain't no plain cane brothers come no show
In the casket
Git'n they ass kicked
And blasted

It don't stop

(Chorus) Shit don't stop...

(Y.N.V)
Now my guess is true
Them thug life niggas is a bull
Everywhere we go
The niggas trippin' at the door
I want to dance with you
You can dance at the party and not get whipped

(Mopreme)
All I wanna do is try to Mac the hoes
Spin bank on thangs sellin me a sponsor on my foes
It's like each and every one they got the look of death
I got my 9 nigga
Don't be silly
You better watch your step

(Syke)
And pussies we crossin when my crew is flossin'
Bitches we tossin'
And niggas we crossin'
It's like a murder rhyme when we hit your hood
It's all good
The punks? I wish you would!

(Mopreme)
Wouldn't better to just corrolate what we bust
Instead of kickin' dust
Gets a press y'all from nuts
Cause ain't no herbs here
And ain't no morgues
Beware of the water 'cause they full of sharks

(Syke)
But in every state
Niggas perpetrate and test
Where I come from fools die for less
And thugs keep thugin' till their casket drop
It's on till I die
And the shit don't stop

(Chorus 2x) Shit don't stop...

(Y.N.V)
Now my guess is true
Them thug life niggas is a bull
Everywhere we go
The niggas trippin' at the door
I want to dance with you
You can dance at the party and not get whipped
Yeah
Pour out a little liquor for your homies, nigga
This one here go out to my nigga Mike Coolie
(Light up a fat one for this one)
How you come up, man?

I started young kickin' dust and livin' rough
You watch you mouth around my mama, you couldn't cuss, man
I had a down ass homie though we ran the streets
And on the scene at the age of fourteen, huh
I packed a nine and my nigga packed a forty-five
We drinkin' forties, lil' shorties livin' naughty lives
You couldn't stop us, long as I got my glock, fuck the coppers
Hangin' on the block, slangin' rocks and makin' profits

I couldn't fuck with the school life, I was a fool
I'll play that motherfucker for a tool man
Tonight'll be the night that's what we figurin'
Hustlin' in the rain felt no pain 'cause we drinkin'
Playin' them hoes like manure
First let my nigga fuck and then I fuck, that's how we do it

It's two niggaz comin' up out the hood
Livin' life just as good as we could
But since a bitch can't be trusted
Hoes snitched to the police, now my nigga's busted
The cops whoopin' on my nigga in jail
Tryin' to get a motherfucker to tell
And couldn't nobody diss my nigga
Damn, I miss my nigga, pour out a little liquor

My cousin died last year and I still can't let go
My cousin died last year and I still can't let go
My cousin died last year and I still can't let go
My cousin died last year and I still can't let go

This goes out to all you so called G's
Pour out a little liquor for your real motherfuckin' partners
Don't let the drink get like that y'all, huh
Pour out a little liquor, pour out a little liquor
What's that you drinkin' on?

Drinkin' on gin, smokin' on blunts and it's on
Reminisce about my niggaz, that's dead and gone
And now they buried, sometimes my eyes still get blurry
'Cause I'm losin' all my homies and I worry
I got my back against a brick wall, trapped in a circle
Boxin' with them suckers till my knuckles turn purple
Mama told me, "Son, there'll be days like this"
Don't wanna think so, I hit the drink and stay blitzed

We had plans of bein' big time G's
Rolling in marked cars, movin' them keys
And now I roll up the window, blaze up some indo
Get to' down for my niggaz in the pen, yo
Your son's gettin' big and strong
And I'd love 'em like one of my own, till you come home
And the years sure fly with the quickness
You do the time, and I'll keep handlin' yo' business

That's the way it's supposed to be
Homie, if it was me, you'd do the shit for me
Homie, I can remember scrapin' back to back
Throwin' dogs on them suckers runnin' up on this young hog
I hope my words can paint a perfect picture
And let ya know how much a nigga miss ya
Pour out some liquor

My cousin died last year and I still can't let go

Look at you
Drinkin' got you where you don't even give respect to your partners
Pour out some liquor, nigga
It ain't like that, tip that shit over
Pour out a little liquor

My cousin died last year and I still can't let go
My cousin died last year and I still can't let go
My cousin died last year and I still can't let go
My cousin died last year and I still can't let go

This for my nigga Madman, Dagz, Hood, Silk, yeah
A little liquor for my homies y'all
We in this motherfuckin' piece, yeah
Pour out a little liquor, Young Queen, yeah
This one goes out to all my mack partners
Back in the motherfuckin' Bay

Oaktown still in the motherfuckin' house
(Pour out a little liquor)
My nigga Richie Rich, Gov'na
(I don't care, Night train, Hennessey)
All my real motherfuckin' partners
(Pour out a little liquor)
And all my real partnas in Marin, fuck you busta ass niggaz
Yeah nigga, pour out a little liquor
(Tupac)

Yah nigga, Drop the top on your muthafuckin ride
This how we do it on the west coast BAABBBY

Rollin' down the Four O Five
Gettin' high
White boys done wrecked their shit
Tryin' to check my ride
I ain't being bootsy
Crusin' in a Six-o Impala
Drivin' like I'm in a Hooptee
Car full of ballin' caps
Keep yo hand on the strap
And take all the craps
Niggas know my steel-lo
All legit
But I'm drapped
Like a nigga movin' kilo
Shit don't stop
'Cause I can make that ass drop
Make the front pop
And Hit the three wheel motion
All Day
Hit the freeway
Take it easy, uh
Let's slide
And pick-up some hoochies
Ride
Right back to the movies
High
Talking back to the screen drinkin' liquor
Havin' big dreams of gettin' richer
I'm livin' that

Chorus (4x) (Tupac)

Thug Life, y'all know the rules
Gotta do whatcha gotta do (Stay True)

Big Stretch represent the real nigga
Flex, Live squad and this mutha fucker catch wreck

(Stretch)
Thug Life
Sharp as a roughneck
Shakin' the dice, we roll long, ain't nothin' nice
So the vice wanna follow us around (raize up)
Got 'em runnin' as we clown through the town (blaze up)
Another one, had to throw another gun
Don't need another case
You can see it on my face son
But I ain't fallin' yet
And I gotta give a shout to where my ball is at

(Tupac)

Mophreme Tell 'em why the hoes dream
Gettin' high off a nigga like a dope fiend

(Mophreme)

'Cause I'm non-stop, and I'm always hustlin'
Twenty four seven, ain't nothin' buck
But when a young G's flippin keys for a livin'
Try to make a mill off the time I'm givin'
Trippin'
Mad
I'm crazy
Can't nobody fade me
And I been goin' insane lately
And everybody tryin' ta hold me back
I'm about to snap
You better move back
You know I led a...

Chorus (4x) (Tupac)

Thug Life, y'all know the rules
Gotta do whatcha gotta do (Stay True)

Maaaannnn, I don't worry about the Five-O
If they start,
'Cause it's all about survival
Just stay smart
Keep your mind on your bank roll
Always
Stay ahead of these stank hos
These days
It's an all out rat race
And look at MEEE just caught another cat case
That makes three
My laywers getting cash up the ass
Don't even ask
Why I'm buck wild?
Don't smile
Don't laugh
To the young G's comin' up
Peep game
Don't let the money make you change
Or act strange
Stay broke
It's all in together now
Keep pumping loud
Till the crowd
Bring the top down
Is that Tupac Thug Life?
Hell Yah
Try to dirty up my name
But it's still here
Which way do I turn?
I'm strapped
Lost in the storm
I can't turn back
With that...

Chorus (4x) (Tupac)

Thug Life, y'all know the rules
Gotta do whatcha gotta do (Stay True)

(Tupac)
Under Pressure
Yeah, Baby
When tha pressures on...
Thug Life
When it's on it's on

(Tupac)
One of these days I'll learn
Don't fuck with trick ass niggas
'Cause they turn into bitch ass niggas
I'm sick of bein stuck in tha county jail
My niggas clown, bring a pound
When they posten bail
Smokin' blunts in tha driveway
My four-five screamin fuck tha police
Won't fly away, thug, till I die
You wonder why I'm made this way
I wasn't, turned out
I was raised this way of thinkin'
These are tha dreams of a young teen
Sceam, and stack green on tha crack fiends
One time can't hold me one of these days
We gotta bust back for tha homies
Locked down in tha penitentry
Finally loose my mind if tha pigs succeed
Stress, smoken weed and nicoteen
But what a nigga really need is Thorozine
Right before I die I'll be curseing tha law
Reincarnated bitch even worse than before
My four-four's givin' payback
My underhanded plan
To get them niggas while they laid back
And big stretch hit tha scene with tha mini 14
Servin' suckers like dope fiends
And lead tha whole team

Under Pressure Nigga
That's right

(Stretch)
Never run throw your gun in tha air
Oh yeah nigga bust ain't no time to spare
Called tha ruffest mothafucker and we fuck shit up
And with tha stainless steel (???), we cut shit up
Flash and blast a nigga with tha quickness
Cock tha four pound motherfucker when I spit this and rip this
Damn, my mind is in tha depths of hell
But when I'm walking on tha street kid my name rings bells
And I never fell nigga I stand to tall
I'm just a thug motherfucker who was born to brawl, givin' my all
So niggas wanna bring it to me
So I'ma sell my cocain and lay they ass down 'G'

Under Pressure

(Tupac)
Yeah, look here tho

Runnin' wild
I never smiled as a juvenile
Even now I keep a frown when I come around
Don't ask me about tha past, it was all bad
Shots blasted will I last in tha wrong path
In tha dark is where my heart saw tha most grief
Mothafuckers is getten shanked over gold teeth
Am I sick? 'cause I'm addicted to get splifted
Watch tha stupid ass tricks get lifted
Nothens changed cause in tha came it's a steady aim
Fuck friends 'cause when in danger those niggas change
Puff weed and stuff G's in my sock G
Call Ki's and Hennessy where tha glock be
Times passen will I last here another day
I put my gun away and grab my AK
It's getten hectic I can't call it
House full of alcoholics
Now we're niggas under pressure

Yeah, that's right...
Under Pressure, we're niggas under pressure
Yeah

(Tupac and Stretch together repeated 11x)
When tha Pressures on it's a hit
Ski mask
Extra Gats
Bring tha clips
Don't nobody move when we walk tha streets
They stay silent
Cause talk is cheap
(Mopreme)
It was a dope spot front yard, one on one strapping
That's the way it was way before all the scrapping
Earned my fucking props from the G's in the hood
Put in work, did some dirt, never snitched, never would
Rollin' the fat Jaguars with my nigga P blowing up
Time coming back sipping Hennessey
Seventeen years old and I felt like God mad rich
And I had my pick of any fine bitch
And my family was known to be great, seen slightly more
Representing no matter who sets it on
Street power, why you niggaz flip and you thug shit
I be bout my motherfucking grip, nothing else
Gets between me and mine, just remember that
Damn it's a shame, but still I'm in the game
I'm trying to get street fame

I'm a superstar.., I'm a superstar...
I'm a superstar, made it by street fame
I'm a superstar.., I'm a superstar...
I'm a superstar, made it by street fame

(Big Syke)
Don't blame my mama, don't blame my daddy
I know they wish they never had me
In and out of jail by twelve, failing out of school
'Cause I was living by the street rules
Hanging with hogs, dropping dogs as a little loc
I was getting my respect but I was still broke
Into the game and expanded to the cocaine
Went from double-ups, to slanging them whole things
Focused on my mail name ringing like a bell
And even with no proof they gonna put me in jail
Everybody says he's sold and I'm outta control
Motherfuckers gossip but I still roll (nigga)
Bitches want my cash on my dash of my cockpit
They wouldn't know a motherfucker if he didn't have shit
So while I'm balling and kicking up dust, get yo' skull crushed
Bitch-made niggaz know not to fuck with us
'Cause I'm living on the edge, I'm blasting lead
Wanted by the Feds, they got to take me dead
So fuck it drive a bucket in the inner city
In the land of no pity, I made it by the street fame

I'm a superstar.., I'm a superstar...
I'm a superstar, made it by street fame
I'm a superstar.., I'm a superstar...
I'm a superstar, made it by street fame

(The Rated R)
I'm a super star, made it by street fame
I had to make some people feel the pain, in this dirty game
I know I'm on my way to hell
Ain't no yellow bricked road for all the niggas that I done smoked
The hood done took me under, a nigga gots no heart
Don't get it twisted 'cause I'm there with my homey's car
I kill for my niggaz, my niggaz kill for me
That's the love you get, from the drunk one, you put in work see
I'm a G with a gang of niggaz after me
Trying to peal me, 'cause I smoked they homey
What comes around goes around is what makes it worse
I smoke blunts all day to keep my mind off a hearse
They don't stop stop till my casket drop drop
Let me ride, but all I want, thou shalt not beef or die
And it don't matter if I rap or plays
'Cause I blow out back of some minds, fuck the fame

I'm a superstar.., I'm a superstar...
I'm a superstar, made it by street fame
I'm a superstar.., I'm a superstar...
I'm a superstar, made it by street fame

... Made it by street fame
(Repeat to the end)
From tha Cradle to the Grave, life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto. Ooh
From the cradle to the grave, life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto.

June 16,1971
Mama gave birth
To a hell raisin' heavanly son.
See the doctor tried to smack me
But I smacked him back,
My first words were thug for life
And Papa pass the Mak.
I'm bustin' on these motha fuckas ballin'
Listen you can hear my mini 14 callin'.
From out the window of my drop top
I got my glock cocked
Bustin' at niggas
When will it stop?
Now tell me are you scared of the dark?
Can't close my eyes I see visions
But even with this thug livin'
Will I escape prison?
Penitentiary chances was an all day thang
The only way to advance
And if you slang
Then you'd better have your nikes on
'Cause when we fight
It's in the middle of the night with no lights on.
Hey!
There must be a God 'cause I feel lucky,
Paranoid out my mind...
This muthafucka's tryin' to rush me.
Am I goin' to jail?
Look at me bailin'
Commin' out the court house
All about the male man
Never, never die
Be a hustlah mothafuckas
And makin' thugs out you suckas.
From the cradle to the grave.

From the cradle to the grave, life ain't nevah been easy
Living in the ghetto.
From the cardle to the grave, life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto.

From the cradle to the grave
Since a little bitty child
I've been known to get ill and kinda buck wild.
Pop pop!
Just like the part that's in my walk with street talk
I'm runnin' up the block in the dark with less spark.
Surveillance on a nigga every day,
Waitin' on my daddy just to take his ass away.
Now Mama always workin' tryin' to make ends meet.
So now a young nigga bein' raised by the streets.
And then the on other one that ever showed me love
Was my dope fiend uncle strung out on drugs
A straight thug.
Just me, my mama out here on our own
So I got two gatts
One black and one of chrome.
Now I don't wanna hurt nobody but I must defend mine!
It's all the fuck I got
So stop and walk a thin line.
Young niggas be brave
And keep on thuggin' from the cradle to the grave,
From the cradle to the grave.

From the cradle to the grave, life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto.

From the cradle to the grave, I'm glad to say
I made it this far.
Many G's died hard
And all they got was their name here up on a wall.
It's sad thinkin' about the times
Life goes on, I'm steady lost in this land...
As the warzone I got no home
Don't have no friends neither.
It's just me by my lonely so I married my nina.
I keeps her wherever I go,
I love my hoe.
Never leave home without my sugar.
I'm hafta plug a nigga.
Mama told me not to trust no punks,
And kick his ass if he lay a hand on me.
Since then I been known.
Sometimes I think my own self stupid
'Cause I stay shootin' at marks,
Get twisted up in police reports.
Since the cradle, I've been ungreatful.
My first toy was a gun
I got sprung and learn to love weapons.
But now I'm through with money
And through with street fame.
Somebody peeled my cap and put me in my grave.

From the cradle to the grave, life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto.
From the cradle to the grave, life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto.

March 18th
A rainy day my mama gave birth
To a baby boy trapped in hell on Earth.
From day one it wasn't fun I never had a crumb.
Daddy worked two jobs and Mama won't stop drinkin' rum.
I tried to cope loc
But my family's broke
And my pocket's short
So now I gotta sling dope.
In a game filled with pain it's a fuckin' shame,
The white man got a motha fucka slingin' cane.
So now it's on from dusk to dawn I get my serve on.
Always in the spot with my glock slingin' rocks at the rocks.
This shit don't stop I'm steady dodgin' cops.
I never flip flop
Hear my glock cock
Thug till I drop.
And if I hit the pen I gotta do my time
Sittin' on my bunk reminiscing about the good times.
It's fucked up a nigga gotta grow up doing dirt,
But from the cradle to the grave I'ma put in work.

From the cradle to the grave, life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto.
From the cradle to the grave, life ain't never been easy
Living in the ghetto.

Time's movin' fast
Will I last another day?
So I pray and I lay with my A.K.
Did I sell my soul as a young kid?
All the things I did
Wishin' someone help me
But they never did.
I can't take it
Will I make it to my older age?
Before I'm shot up or locked up in a fuckin' cage.
Lord help me, guide me, save me!
Cause that's the way my Daddy raised me
Crazy.
Do or die. Nigga pull the triggah don't give a fuck.
You'd rather be in jail than get your ass bucked.
Nobody cares, it's me against the world.
Keepin' murdah on my mind and my tech-9.
I got nothin' to lose, payin' dues, nigga you wanna die?
I get high
Then my mission is a walk-by.
You better jet when I hit your set 'cause I'm commin'.
Start runnin' yellin' evil mind as I'm gunnin'.
One in the chamber for the anger that I build inside,
For the mothers that cried, for my homies that died.
The beginning is an ending, am I just a slave?
So I got to be brave from the cradle to the grave.

Chorus till fade
I would share the definition of ballin' with you white folks...
But now...
The game is to be sold and not told
So eh, fuck me

(Tupac)
I'm up before the sunrise, first to hit the block.
Little bad mothafucka with a pocket full of rocks.
Learn to throw them thangs, get my skinny little ass kicked.
And niggas laugh, till tha first mothafucka got blasted.
I put the nigga in his casket,
Now they coverin' the basket with plastic.
I smoke blunts on a regular buck when it counts.
I'm tryin' to make a million dollars outta quarter ounce.
And gettin' ghost on the five-o, fuck them hos.
Got a 45 screamin' about survival.
Hey nigga can I lay low, cook some yay-yo.
Hollar one-time when I say so.
Don't want to go to the pen, I'm hittin' fences.
Narcs on a nigga's back, missin' me by inches.
And they say how do you survive weighin' 165
In a city where the skinny niggas die?
Tell Mama don't cry.
Even when they kill me,
They can never take the game from a young G.
I'm str8 ballin'!

Str8 ballin'!

Still on parole and I'm the first nigga servin'
Pour some liquor on the curb for my niggas that deserve it.
But if I want to make a million, gotta stay dealin'.
It's kinda boomin' round the way and today I'll make a killin'.
Dressin' down like a villain', but only on the block.
It's a clever disguise to keep me runnin' from the cops.
Ha, I'm gettin' high. I think I'll die if I don't get no ends.
I'm in a bucket with 'em ridin' it like it's a Benz.
I hate to strip let my music bump,
Drinkin' liquor, and I'm lookin' for some hoes to fuck.
Rather die makin' money than live poor and legal
As I slang another ounce, I wish it was a kilo.
A need money in a major way.
Time to fuck my BEEEYATCH! Hey!, and getten' paid
You other mothafuckas callin',
But me and my mothafuckin' thug niggas,
We str8 ballin'!

Str8 ballin'!

Damned if I don't, and damned if a nigga do.
So watch a young mothafucka pull a trigga just to RAISE UP!
But don't let them see you cry, dry your eyes
Young nigga time to do or die.
I keep a pistol in my pocket,
Ready on my block.
Ain't no time for a nigga to even cock shit.
And now they see that mothafucka beat pain,
At point blank range 'cause he slept on the game.
Ain't a damned thing changed
Shakin' the dice, now roll 'em,
If you can't stand pain better hold 'em.
Cause ain't no tellin' what you might roll.
You might go catch AIDS from a slight cold. Nigga.
Better live your life to the fullest,
You 'bout to kill a fool, got a pistol mothafucka better pull it.
Cause even when they kill me,
They can never take the game from a young G.
We str8 ballin'!

We str8 ballin'!

To my niggas in the penitentiary,
Loked up like a mothafucka when they mention me.
Cause you fuckin' with the realest motha fucka ever born,
And once again it's on,
I'm bustin' on these bitches till they gone.
Who the hell can you get to stop me?
I'm in the projects, parlaying with my posse.
I keep my glock cocked
I need it 'cause they're all shady.
I finally made it
Now these jealous bitches tryin' to FADE me!
I ain't goin' out I'd rather blast back.
I'm on the corner with my niggas watchin' cash stack.
And I came up a long way from food stamps.
And takin' shit from the low-life ghetto tramps.
Could you blame me if they sweat me I'm gonna open fire.
What could I do? Pull my trigga or watch my nigga die.
I'm representin' to the fullest givin' devil slugs.
I'm on the block slangin' drugs with the young thugs.
And mothafucka, we be ballin'!
All mothafuckin' day long, stay strong!
We str8 ballin'.
(Reporter)

Good Evening (sirens in the background)
I'm reporting live from Sunset Boulevard
Where many excited fans have gathered with candles
(Crowd starts chanting "Tupac")
Awaiting the much anticipated release, of Tupac Shakur's latest album, Better Dayz
This is yet another post-humorous release by Tupac
Which, raises the question
Where are these songs coming from?
It's interesting how, the message in these songs
Is still relevant today
Even in his death, he's touching people with his lyrics
I can feel the energy in the air, as they count down to midnight
When the album will officially be released
Oh, hold on, I, think they're starting to countdown now

(Crowd)

5, 4, 3, 2, 1 ...

(2Pac) It's just me against the world
(Girl) Ooh, ooh
(2Pac) Nuttin to lose...
It's just me against the world baby
(Girl) Oah, oahhhah
(2Pac) I got nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world
(Girl) Oh-hah
(2Pac) Stuck in the game
Me against the world baby

Verse One: 2Pac

Can you picture my prophecy?
Stress in the city, the cops is hot for me
The projects is full of bullets, the bodies is droppin'
There ain't no stoppin' me
Constantly movin while makin' millions
Witnessin killings, leavin' dead bodies in abandoned buildings
Carries to children 'cause they're illin
Addicted to killin' and the appeal from the cap peelin
Without feelin', but will they last or be blasted?
Hard headed bastard
Maybe he'll listen in his casket -- the aftermath
More bodies being buried -- I'm losing my homies in a hurry
They're relocating to the cemetery
Got me worried, stressin, my vision's blurried
The question is will I live? No one in the world loves me
I'm headed for danger, don't trust strangers
Put one in the chamber whenever I'm feelin' this anger
Don't wanna make excuses, cause this is how it is
What's the use unless we're shootin no one notices the youth
It's just me against the world baby

(Girl) Me against the world
(2Pac) It's just me against the world
(Girl) Ooh yeah, ooh-hoo
(2Pac) It's just me against the world
(Girl) Me against the world
(2Pac) 'Cause it's just me against the world baby
(Girl) Hey!
(2Pac) Me against the world
(Girl) Ooh yeah
(2Pac) I got nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world baby
(Girl) I got nothing to lose

Verse Two: Dramacydal

Could somebody help me? I'm out here all by myself
See ladies in stones, Baby Capone's, livin' wealthy
Pictures of my birth on this Earth is what I'm dreamin'
Seein Daddy's semen, full of crooked demons, already crazy
And screamin I guess them nightmares as a child
Had me scared, but left me prepared for a while
Is there another route? For a crooked Outlaw
Veteran, a villain, a young thug, who one day shall fall

Everday there's mo'death, and plus I'm dough-less
I'm seein mo' reasons for me to proceed with thievin
Scheme on the scheming and leave they peeps grieving
Cause ain't no bucks to stack up, my nuts is backed up
I'm bout to act up, go load the Mac up, now watch me klacka
Tried makin' fat cuts, but yo it ain't workin
And Evil's lurking, I can see him smirking
When I gets to pervin, so what?
Go put some work in, and make my mail, makin' sales
Risking 25 with a 'L', but oh well

(Girl) Me against the world
(2Pac) With nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world
(Girl) Ooh yeah... ooh-ooh
(2Pac) It's just me against the world baby
(Girl) Me against the world
(2Pac) I got nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world
(Girl) Oahhhoh
(2Pac) Ha ha
It's just me against the world baby
(Girl) Ha-ah, HA-Ah!
(2Pac) With nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world baby
(Girl) Me against the world, hoah
(2Pac) Me against the world
I got nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world baby
(Girl) Ha-hah (hehe) hey!

Verse Three: 2Pac

With all this extra stressin
The question I wonder is after death, after my last breath
When will I finally get to rest? Through this supression
They punish the people that's askin questions
And those that possess, steal from the ones without possesions
The message I stress: to make it stop study your lessons
Don't settle for less - even the genius asks-es questions
Be grateful for blessings
Don't ever change, keep your essence
The power is in the people and politics we address
Always do your best, don't let the pressure make you panic
And when you get stranded
And things don't go the way you planned it
Dreamin' of riches, in a position of makin' a difference
Politicians and hypocrites, they don't wanna listen
If I'm insane, it's the fame made a brother change
It wasn't nuttin like the game
It's just me against the world

(Girl) Me against the world
(2Pac) Nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world baby
(Girl) Me against the world
(2Pac) Got me stuck in the game
It's just me against the world
(Girl) Oahah
(2Pac) I'd be ashamed to lose
It's just me against the world baby
(Girl) Me against the world

Outro: 2Pac

Heh, hahahahahahah
That's right
I know it seem hard sometimes but uh
Remember one thing
Through every dark night, there's a bright day after that
So no matter how hard it get, stick your chest out
Keep your head up, and handle it

(Girl) Me against the world
Me against the world
Me against the world
Unfortunately, we are not licensed to display the full lyrics for this song at the moment. Hopefully we will be able to in the future. Until then... how about a random page?
Yo Mo Bee main, drop that shit!

Hey! Hey-ayyaahhy

You know what time, boo-yaow
I know it's time for you
So grab one by the hand youknowhatI'msayin
And uh, throw up that finger
Ay yo yo yo throw y'all fingers up!
Thug style baby, Thug style y'know?

Verse One:

Tell me baby are you lonely? Don't wanna rush ya
I can help ya if ya only, let me touch ya
If I'm wrong love tell me, 'cause I get caught up
And the life I live is Hell see, I never thought I'd see
The day when I would calm down, you ain't heard
I've been known to clown and Get Around, that's my word
See you walkin' and you lookin' good, yes indeed
Got a body like a sex fiend, you're killin' me
Witcha attitude to match right, don't be phony
'Cause I hate when you act like, you don't know me
I've be stressin in the spotlight, I want the fame
But the industry's a lot like, a crack game
Ain't no time for commitment, I gotta go
Can't be wit you every minute miss, another show
And even though I'm known for my one night stand
Look here, I wanna be an honest man, but temptations go...

Hey! Hey-ayyaahhy

Throw up the finger!
And all my homies go...
Give them the finger!
Ya know what baby it's like

*Singing*
I know you've been searchin for someone
To make you happy, and get the job done
You say you need it, a man with money
But I can't be there, and will you still care

Verse Two:

Will I cheat or will I be committed, heaven knows
Gettin' weak and I wanna hit it, so here I go
In my ride and I'm all in, gettin' high
I can hear the people callin, I'm passin by
Everybody knows I'm ball-in, and to God
Gotta keep myself from fall-in, but it's hard
All the cuties know I'm under pressure, what do I do
Gettin' shaky when she pull the dress up, and say it's cool
Should I stroke or should I wait a while, you decide
If you tell me that you don't want it, that's a lie
Move close and let me whisper, some dirty words
In your ears as I kiss ya, on every curve
Slow down baby don't rush, I like it slow
Can't hold it any longer, so let it go
Open the gates, do you wanna fall up in heaven
Don't worry, I let myself in, all I heard was...

Hey! Hey-ayyaahhy

Give 'em the finger!
All my homies go...
Throw your fingers up!
That's just the Thug in me girl, you know
Peep out all my homies, y'know, it's like

*Singing*
I know you've been searchin for someone
To make you happy, and get the job done
You say you need it, a man with money
But I can't be there, and will you still care

Verse Three:

A lot of people think it's easy, to settle down
Got a woman that'll please me, in every town
I don't wanna but I gotta do it, the temptation
Got me ready to release the fluid, sensation
Sit down and conversate like you know me, take my hand
Cause even Thugs get lonely, understand
Even the hardest of my homies need attention
Catch you blowin' up the telephone, reminiscin
I wanna take you to the movies, and the park
Let's find a spot for you to do me, in the dark
Now that it's passion, hold me tight
Don't need lights, I can see you by the moonlight
I know your man ain't lovin' you right
You're lonely and depressed you need a Thug in your life
Enough talkin', you want me to leave, I'll get to walkin'
See you later, cause baby I'm a player, and all I heard was

Hey! Hey-ayyaahhy

Give 'em the finger
And all my homies go...
Yo this how we gonna do this in the nine-trey y'know?
Throw your fingers up
Y'know?
They gonna peep this, this how we run game on you

*Singing*
Everybody, hey, all right
Hey, heyyyeah, heyyyay, oh

(2Pac)
All my niggaz go
Uptown in the
Give 'em the finger!
Throw your hands up
Give 'em the finger!
I wanna dedicate this one to Robert 'Yummy' Sanderford
And all other lil' young niggaz that's in a rush to be gangstas

As a young nigga, I'm almost swellin in the wind
Give anythang, to be that innocent again, when I was ten
I didn't bang but I was hangin' with the homies
Tell them niggaz started slangin that they don't know me
I got my hustle on, learned to ignore what couldn't pay me
Lately I've been tryin' to make a bill-ion, can you play me
With that jealousy they need to miss me, don't sweat me
If them cowards really want me, come get me, and even I
Someday will die but I'm cautious, I'm fin' to ride
Put down the top, now we flossin
Hit the freeway, let the wind blow, drop the window
Workin with a twenty sack of indo, feelin' good
Stop through the hood, grab the young thugs
And I can't help but reminisce back when we slung drugs, know it's bad
But all we had was our hopes and dreams
Couldn't see unless we learned to slang dope to fiends
As young niggaz

He's the kind of G like everybody knows
As a young nigga
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
My memories as a young nigga
Always got it blown like Al Capone
Young nigga
He's the downest G I've ever known

Back in Junior High, when we was barely gettin' by, when daddy died
That's when my momma started gettin' high
My neighborhood was full of drivebys, couldn't survive
All our homies livin' short lives, I couldn't cry
Told my momma if I did die, just put a blunt in my casket
Let me get my dead homies high
Come follow me throughout my history, it's just
Me Against the World stuck in misery; as a young nigga
My only thing was to be paid
Life full of riches avoid snitched 'cause they shady, back in the days
We always found the time to play,
But that's before they taught them gangbangers how to spray
Not just L.A., but in the Bay and in Chicago and even St. Louis
Every stadium that I go, when will they change?
Stuck in the game like a dumb nigga
Remember how it was, to be a young nigga

He's the kind of G like everybody knows
As a young nigga
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
My memories as a young nigga
Always got it blown like Al Capone
Young nigga
He's the downest G I've ever known

I'm tellin' you...
... To be young, have your brains and have every ? and all that
Yo, y'all niggaz don't know how good you really do got it
Muh'fuckers need to just calm down
And peep what the fuck they wanna do for the rest of the life
'Fore you end your life before you BEGIN your life
You dumb nigga

Now that I'm grown, I got my mind on bein somethin'
Don't wanna be another statistic, out here doin' nuttin
Tryin' to maintain in this dirty game, keep it real
And I will even if it kills me, my young niggaz
Break away from these dumb niggaz
Put down the guns and have some fun nigga, the rest'll come nigga
Fame is a fast thang, that gangbangin
Puttin' niggaz in a casket, murdered for hangin'
At the wrong place at the wrong time, no longer livin'
'Cause he threw up the wrong sign, and every day
I watch the murder rate increases, and even worse
The epidemic and diseases, what is the future?
The projects lookin' hopeless, where
More and more brothers givin' up and don't care
Sometimes I hate when brothers act up, I hit the weed
And I proceed to blow the track up, for young niggaz

He's the kind of G like everybody knows
For these young niggaz
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
My memories as a young nigga
He always got it blown like Al Capone
Take it slow nigga, it's for the young niggaz
He's the downest G I've ever known
As a young nigga

He's the kind of G like everybody knows
He's always G'd up, from head to toe
Memories as a young nigga
He always got it blown like Al Capone
He's the downest G I've ever known

(Pac talking overlaps singing last four lines)
This go out to the young thugs, the have-nots (you know)
Little bad motherfuckers from the block (that's right)
Them niggaz that's thirteen and fourteen
Drivin' Cadillacs, Benzes and shit (I see you boy)
Young motherfuckin hustlers (make that money boy)
Stay strong nigga
You could be a fuckin' accountant, not a dope dealer
YouknowhatI'msayin? (Go to school nigga, go to school)
Fuck around and, you pimpin' out here
You could be a lawyer (really doe)
Niggaz gotta get they priorities straight
(Don't see Johnny Cochran out in this motherfucker)
Really doe... young niggaz... little RahRah (sup nigga)
Especially my little cousins don't be no dumb guy
(Don't be a dumb nigga, listen, young niggaz)

*Singers freestyle and skat to the end of the song*
(Lady Levi)
Oh, you tink life is yours?
Life ain't na somethin' you can rap with
Ooh come na ordinary game
Da game na somethin' you can rap with
Me's a player you know?
I do not, play in no game
Me just, make money, dollars, every time seen?

Verse One: 2Pac

Now how can I explain how this game laced, plus with this fame
I got enemies do anything to break me, my attitude changed
Got to the point where I was driven, twenty-four/seven
Money's my mission, just tryin' to make a livin'
These busta tricks don't want no mail
They spendin they riches on skanless bail
Who'll stay petrified in jail
It's hell, plus all the dealers want a meal ticket
Jealous-ass, playa-hatin' but we still kick it
Always keep my eyes on the prize, watch the police
Seen so much murder, neighborhoods gettin' no sleep
But still, I get my money on major, continuously
Communicatin through my pager, know me
Don't have no homies 'cause they jealous, I hustle solo
'Cause when I'm broke I got no time for the fellas, listen
Ain't nothin' poppin' 'bout no work, I ain't no joke
Fuck what they say and get your dough
(Game's been good to me)
Heavy in the game

(Lady Levi)
Who da bumba claat him a come try take mine?
Ooh, me see you rushin up
(Game's been good to me)
I throw 'I'm blood claat P.M. to A.M.
All, all da bumba come ya take dis ting
For ya take dis ting for joke?
(I don't care what it did to them
The game's been good to me)
Oh! Dat's right

Verse Two: Richie Rich

Well lemme shoot some of this how heavy type of stuff...
Certain wanna stick to the game, yousea trick to the game
Waitin upon your turn, so when will you learn?
Ain't no turns given, be twistin and takin' it
Puttin' they sack down, then puttin' they mack down
Me myself I hustle with finesse yes I'm an Oakland baller
Rule number one: check game, and fo' sho' you gon' respect game
Be yo' own, meanin' buy yo' own dope
Cause that front is punk, somethin' I never funked with
Be true to this game and this game will be true to you
That's real; disrespect, see what this here do to you
That jackin and robbin, despisin your homie
Ain't healthy, endin up dead 'fore they get wealthy
But not me though, I'm sewin somethin' major
So what I reap is boss -- that's why my public status is floss
Went from a, young gangsta livin' residential
To a, young gangsta workin presidential
(Game's been good to me)

(Lady Levi)
Me boy Tu-pac ALWAYS look good
You know that's true 'I'm look good every time
Ooh, war? Step up
(Game's been good to me)
Can yi know I'm servin' up blood claat
Playin' yi games
Ooh, we take game, we WON
(I don't care what it did to them
The game's been good to me)
Any by now, all, yi haffa forget fi we WON
Everytime

Verse Three: 2Pac

I'm just a young black male, cursed since my birth
Had to turn to crack sales, if worse come to worse
Headed for them packed, jails, or maybe it's a hearse
My only way to stack mail, is out here doin' dirt
Made my decisions do or die, been hustlin since junior high
No time for askin why, gettin' high, gettin' mine
Put away my nine, cause these times call for four-five sales
Cause life is hell and everybody dies
What about these people I despise -- them loud talkin' cowards
Shootin guns into crowds, jeapordizin lives
Shoot 'em right between them thugz eyes, it's time to realize
Follow the rules or follow them fools that die
Everybody's tryin' to make the news, people confused
Quit tryin' to be an O.G. and pay your dues
If you choose to apply yourself, go with the grain
And come the riches and the girls and the fame
Heavy in the game
(Game's been good to me)

(Lady Levi)
Boy, ya nah bitch!
Major that's true we look good every time
When we at Beers Diamond
And Tupac drives vintage car
(Game's been good to me)
And fi dem frame dem look good, oh no?
This whole world ya call on
Gonna mass on a face
(I don't care what it did to them
The game's been good to me)
For any, section of bumba ras claat, oh!
Flush it! ... Oh!
Nobody wan come test me y'know
True dem we a drive pretty car
Wanna no part of any ting
And now you wan come drown a gun
But ya see we know, you haffa show 'I'm MAXIMUM respect
For when a blood claat run or when a pussy walk up
We look good every time
Nuff dollars, DOLLARS
Y'know about dollars dem right?
But we nah talk no shit
We haffa walk de walk for we a talk, see it?
Cause action, action speak louder dan words
You know da record!
Don't blood claat ting at ALL
(2Pac)
Damn, another funeral, another motherfucker
Lord knows * 'Pac is choking on blunt smoke *
Lord knows * coughing harder *
Lord knows * one final cough *

I smoke a blunt to take the pain out
And if I wasn't high, I'd probably try to blow my brains out
I'm hopeless, they shoulda killed me as a baby
And now they got me trapped in the storm, I'm goin' crazy
Forgive me; they wanna see me in my casket
And if I don't blast I'll be the victim of them bastards
I'm loosin hope, they got me stressin, can the Lord forgive me
Got the spirit of a thug in me
Another sip of that drink, this Hennesey got me queasy
Don't wanna earl, young nigga take it easy
Picture your dreams on a triple beam, and it seems
Don't underestimate the power of a fiend
To my homies on the block
Slangin rocks with your glocks put this tape in your box
When you're runnin' from the cops -- and never look back
If they could be black, then they would switch
Open fire on them busta-ass bitches, and Lord knows...

(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows * coughing again *
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows * still coughing *
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

I wonder if the Lord will forgive me or bury me a G
I couldn't let my adversaries worry me
And every single day it's a test, wear a bulletproof vest
And still a nigga stressin over death
If I could choose when a nigga die, figure I'd
Take a puff on the blunt, and let my trigga fly
When everyday it's another death, with every breath,
It's a constant threat, so watch yo' step!
You could be next if you want to, who do you run to?
Murderin niggaz, look what it's come to
My memories bring me misery, and life is hard
In the ghetto, it's insanity, I can't breath
Got me thinkin', what do Hell got?
'Cause I done suffered so much, I'm feelin' shell-shocked
And driveby's an everyday thang
I done lost too many homies to this motherfuckin game
And Lord knows...

(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows!
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

One-time! One-time!
Fuck the five-oh 'cause they after me
Kill me if they could, I'll never let 'em capture me
Done lost too many niggaz to this gangbangin
Homies died in my arms, with his brains hangin', fucked up!
I had to tell him it was all right, and that's a lie
And he knew it when he shook and died, my God
Even though I know I'm wrong man
Hennesey make a nigga think he strong, man (heh heh)
I can't sleep, so I stay up, don't wanna fuck them bitches
Try to calm me down, I ain't givin' up
I'm gettin' lost in the weed, man, gettin' high
Livin' everday, like I'm gon' die (gon' die, gon' die)
I smoke a blunt to take the pain out, and if I wasn't high
Probably try to blow my brains out
Lord knows...

(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows!
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows... Jesus...
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(He is listening! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

(Lord knows... Lord knows... he he... he... he... heeee...)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
You are appreciated

When I was young me and my mama had beef
Seventeen years old kicked out on the streets
Though back at the time I never thought I'd see her face
Ain't a woman alive that could take my mama's place
Suspended from school, scared to go home
I was a fool with the big boys, breakin all the rules
Shed tears with my baby sister
Over the years we was poorer than the other little kids
And even though we had different daddies
The same drama, when things went wrong we blamed mama
I reminisce on the stress I caused, it was hell
Huggin on my mama from a jail cell
And who'd think in elementary
Hey, I'd see the penitentiary
One day, runnin from the police, that's right
Mama catch me, put a whoopin to my backside
And even as a crack fiend, mama
You always was a black queen, mama
I finally understand for a woman it ain't easy tryin to raise a man
You always was committed
A poor single mother on welfare
Tell me how you did it? 
There's no way I can pay you back
But the plan is to show you that I understand

You are appreciated

Lady, don't ya know we love ya (dear mama)
Sweet lady, place no one above ya (you are appreciated)
Sweet lady, don't ya know we love ya

Now ain't nobody tell us it was fair
No love for my daddy 'cause the coward wasn't there
He passed away and I didn't cry
'Cause my anger wouldn't let me feel for a stranger
They say I'm wrong and I'm heartless
But all along I was lookin for a father, he was gone
I hung around with the thugs and even though they sold drugs
They showed a young brother love
I moved out and started really hangin
I needed money of my own so I started slangin
I ain't guilty 'cause even though I sell rocks
It feels good puttin money in your mailbox
I love payin rent when the rent's due
I hope you got the diamond necklace that I sent to ya
'Cause when I was low you was there for me
You never left me alone because you cared for me
And I can see you comin home after work, late
You're in the kitchen tryin to fix us a hot plate
You're just workin with the scraps you was given
And mama made miracles every Thanksgivin
But now the road got rough, you're alone
Tryin to raise two bad kids on your own
And there's no way I can pay you back
But my plan is to show you that I understand

You are appreciated

Lady, don't ya know we love ya (and dear mama)
Sweet lady, place no one above ya (you are appreciated)
Sweet lady, don't ya know we love ya

Pour out some liquor and I reminisce
'Cause through the drama I can always depend on my mama
And when it seems that I'm hopeless
You say the words that can get me back in focus
When I was sick as a little kid
To keep me happy, there's no limit to the things you did
And all my childhood memories
Are fulla all the sweet things you did for me
And even though I act crazy
I gotta thank the Lord that you made me
There are no words that can express how I feel
You never kept a secret, always stayed real
And I appreciate how you raised me
And all the extra love that you gave me
I wish I could take the pain away
If you can make it through the night, there's a brighter day
Everything will be all right if you hold on
It's a struggle, everyday gotta roll on
And there's no way I can pay you back
But my plan is to show you that I understand

You are appreciated

Lady, don't ya know we love ya (dear mama)
Sweet lady, place no one above ya (you are appreciated)
Sweet lady, don't ya know we love ya (dear mama)

Sweet lady
Lady (dear mama)
Lady
Lady
Keepin' it real

Verse One: 2Pac

I take a shot of Henessey now I'm strong enough to face the madness
Nickel bag full of sess weed laced with hash
Phone calls from my niggaz on the, other side
Two childhood friends just died, I couldn't cry
A damn shame, when will we ever change
And what remains from a twelve gauge to the brain
Arguements with my Boo is true
I spend mo' time with my niggaz than I do with you
But everywhere it's the same thang, that's the game
I'll be damned if a thang changed, fuck the fame
I'll be hustling to make a mill-ion, lord knows
Ain't no love for us ghetto children, so we cold
Rag top slowin down, time to stop for gas
Beep my horn for a hoochie with a proper ass, uh
It ain't easy, that's my motto
Drinkin' Tanqueray straight out the bottle
Everybody wanna know if I'm insane
My baby mama gotta mind full of silly games
And all the drama got me stressin like I'm hopeless, I can't cope
Me and the homies smokin' roaches, 'cause we broke
Late night hangin' out till the sunrise gettin' high
Watchin the cops roll by
It ain't easy... that's right

Chorus: 2Pac

It ain't easy, being me
Will I see the penitentiary, or will I stay free

Verse Two: 2Pac

I can't sleep niggaz plottin on to kill me while I'm dreamin'
Wake up sweaty and screamin, 'cause I can hear them suckers schemin
Probably paranoid, problem is, them punks be fantasizin
A brother bite the bullet, open fire and I died
I wonder why this the way it is, even now
Lookin' out for these killer kids, 'cause they wild
Bill Clinton can you recognize a nigga representin
Doin' twenty to life in San Quentin
Gettin' calls from my nigga Mike Tyson, ain't nuttin nice
Yo 'Pac, do something righteous witcha life
And even thou you innocent you still a nigga, so they figure
Rather have you behind bars than triggers
But I'm hold ya down and holla Thug Life, lickin' shots
Till I see my niggaz free on the block
But no it ain't easy, hahahah
Till I see my niggaz free, on the block, oh
It ain't easy


Verse Three: 2Pac

Lately been reminiscin
Bout Peppermint Schnapps in Junior High hit the block
Keep an eye on the cops while D-Boys slang rocks
It's the project kid without a conscience, I'm havin' dreams
Of hearin screams at my concerts, me all my childhood peers
Through the years tryin' to stack a little green
I was only seventeen, when I started servin' fiends
And I wish there was another way to stack a dollar
So my apoli', cause these hard times make me wanna holler
Will I live to see tomorrow, am I fallin' off?
I hit the weed and then proceed to say fuck all of y'all
Ain't nobody down with me I'm thuggin', I can't go home
Cause muh-fuckers think I'm buggin, so now I'm in
This high powered cell at the county jail
Punk judge got a grudge, can't post no bail, what
Do I do in these county blues
Gettin' battered and bruised by the you know who
And these fakes get to shakin when they face me
Snakes ain't got enough nuts to replace me
Sittin' in this, livin' hell, listenin to niggaz yell
Tryin' to torture 'em to tell, I'm gettin' mail
But ain't nobody sayin' much, the same old nuts
Is makin' bucks while these sluts is gettin' fucked
They violated my probation, and it seems
I'll be goin' on a long vacation, meanwhile
It ain't easy
No it ain't easy
(2Pac) Whassup? It's 2Pac. Can you get away?
Let me come swoop you up.
(Girl) You know I got a man.
(2Pac) I know you got a man
But he ain't gon' if I take you out.
(Girl) Of course he gon' mind.
(2Pac) Let me take you to lunch.
I'll have you back before he even get home;
Before anybody see.
(Girl) I can't. (Aww c'mon!) He ain't gon' let me.
(2Pac) Pleeeeeease...
(Girl) Nah.
(2Pac) Oh aight. What's wrong with your eye?
Why you got on glasses?

Verse One: 2Pac

Ever since I met ya I could beat depression
It's like your man don't understand, all he does is stress ya
I can see your state of misery from the introduction
Ain't 'bout no suckin and touchin, just harmless discussion
Maybe we can see a better way, find a brighter day
Late night phone conversations -- would that be OK?
I don't wanna take up all your time, be the next in line
Tell me your size, let me find you things with you in mind
I can see you're cautious and I'm careful not to scare you
But anticipation of love makin'
Got you shakin when I'm standin near you
News of precision will prepare ya
In case you get scared, just ask the man in the mirror
Now the picture's getten clearer all he does is hit you hard
I tell you to leave, and you tell me keep my faith in God
I don't understand, I just wanna bring ya home
I wonder should I leave you alone and find a woman of my own
All the homies tell me that you don't deserve it
I contemplate -- but in my heart I know you worth it
Tell me can you get away?

Ebony, can you get away?
C'mon... let's go... can you get away?
Can you get away?

(Girl) So much pressure in the air
(2Pac) I know, I know
(Girl) And I can't get away
(2Pac) Just for a little while love
(Girl) I'm not happy here
(2Pac) I know it's hard but, can you get away?
(Girl) So much pressure in the air
(2Pac) Let's go man, get up outta there
... Can you get away?
(Girl) And I can't get away
(2Pac) Do you love him?
(Girl) I'm not happy here
(2Pac) Do you love that man?

Verse Two: 2Pac

Could it be my destiny to be lonely?
And checkin' for these hoochies that be on me 'cause they phony
But you was different -- I got no need to be suspicious
'Cause I can tell -- my life with you would be delicious
The way you lick your lips and shake your hips got me addicted
I'm sittin' here hoping that we can find some way to kick it
Even though I got your digits gotta struggle to resist it
Slowly advance and miss my chance not to miss it
You blow me kisses
When he ain't lookin', now your heart's tooken
My only wish is that you change your mind and he get shook
Wanna take you there but you scared to follow, come see tomorrow
Hoping I can take you through the pain and sorrow
Let you know I care -- that someone's there for your struggle
Depend on me, when you have needs or there's trouble
I wanna give you happiness and maybe even more
I told you before, no time to waste we can hook up at the store
Can you get away?

(Girl) So much pressure in the air
(2Pac) I know it is
(Girl) And I can't get away
(2Pac) Yeah you can
(Girl) I'm not happy here
(2Pac) You ain't happy huh ...can you get away?
(Girl) So much pressure in the air
(2Pac) I know... is he beatin' on you?
(Girl) And I can't get away
(2Pac) Did he punch you?
(Girl) I'm not happy here
(2Pac) Throwin' you around the house?

Verse Three: 2Pac

I see you remiscin and I hope you listenin
In the position to pressure and offer competition
Me and you -- was meant to be my destiny, no longer lonely
Cause now it's on for you and me, all I can see
A happy home, that's my fantasy
But my reality is problems with your man and me
What can I do? Don't wanna lose you to the sucker
'Cause if he touch ya, I got some drama for that busta
Don't wanna rush ya -- but make your mind up fast
Nobody knows -- on who controls will it last, before I ask
I hope you see that I'm sincere, and even if you
Stay with him today I'm still here
I refuse to give up -- 'cause I believe in what we share
You're livin' in prison and what he's givin' can't compare
Cause everything I feel for you I wanna let you know
Passion it be yours and I'll never let you go
Tell me can you get away?

(Girl) So much pressure in the air
(2Pac) Can't get away... why?
(Girl) And I can't get away
(Girl) I'm not happy here
(2Pac) Let me take you away
All I really know, can you get away?
(Girl) So much pressure in the air
(2Pac) Man...
(Girl) And I can't get away
(2Pac) Course you can get away
(Girl) I'm not happy here
(2Pac) If you really wanted to get away
You could get away

Outro: 2Pac

You ain't got to go through all this drama and this stress
With this old half a man, yaknowhatI'msayin?
I ain't tryin' to put you in a position
Where you gotta give up your lifestyle for everything
You need but now... he ain't even takin' care of you
He beatin' on you and shit; look how you look
She motherfuckin wanna be with that nigga, yaknowhatI'msayin?
Shake that sucker to the left
Let me show you what this life is really about
YaknowhatI'msayin? You need to be on first class
Need to be goin' to Hawaii, seein the world
Seein what this world got to offer you
Not goin' to, yaknowhatI'msayin?
The emergency room, gettin' stitches
Cause this nigga done got jealous
Don't cry, it's all good

(Girl) Can you take me from here?
(2Pac) Shake that man, get away
(Girl) Can you take me from here?
I'ahhhhhm unhappy here
And I need you to show me love
Because it's so much pressure now
And I neeeeed to get awayyyheyyyeah
Here we go; we gonna send this one out to the old school
All these motherfuckers in the Bronx, and Brooklyn, and Staten Island
Queens, and all the motherfuckers that laid it down, the foundation
Ya know what I'msayin? Nuttin but love for the old school
That's who we gon' do this one for, ya feel me?

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

Nothin' like the old school/ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

I remember Mr. Magic, FLASH, Grandmaster Caz
LL raisin' hell but, that didn't last
Eric B. & Rakim was, the shit to me
I flip to see a Doug E. Fresh show, with Ricky D
And Red Alert was puttin' in work, with Chuck Chill
Had my homies on the hill gettin' ill, when shit was real
Went out to steal, remember Raw, with Daddy Kane
When De La Soul was puttin' potholes in the game
I can't explain how it was, Whodini
Had me puffin on that buddha gettin' buzzed, cause there I was
Them block parties in the projects, and on my block
You diggi don't stop, sippin on that Private Stock
Through my speaker Queen Latifah, and MC Lyte
Listen to Treach, KRS to get me through the night
With T La Rock and Mantronix, to Stetsasonic
Remember Push It was the bomb shit, nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

Heheheh, it ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

Ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

Yeaheheh, it ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

Nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

Ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

Heheh... I had, Shell Toes, and BVD's
A killer crease inside my Lee's when I hit the streets
I'm playin' skelly, ring to leavey, or catch a kiss
Before the homies in my hood learned to smack a bitch, I remember
Way back, the weak weed they had
Too many seeds in the trey bag
I'm on the train headin uptown, freestylin'
With some wild kids from Bucktown, profilin'
'Cause the hoochies was starin', thinkin', Why them niggas swearin'?
I'm wonderin if that's her hair, I remember
Stickball, pump the hoochies on the wall
Or takin' leaks on the steps, stinkin up the hall
Through my childhood, wild as a juvenile
A young nigga tryin' to stay away from Riker's Isle
Me and my homies breakin nights, tryin' to keep it true
Out on the roof sippin 90 proof, ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

Heheheyah, that's right, it ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

Ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

Nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

Nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

Ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

Hahah... remember poppin' and lockin to Kurtis Blow, the name belts
And Scott LaRock the Super Hoe back in Latin Quarters
When Slick Rick was spittin' La Di Da Di
Gamin the hoochies at the neighborhood block parties, I remem-ber
Breakdancin to Melle Mel
Jekyll and Hyde, LL when he Rocks the Bells
Forget the TV, about to hit the streets and do graffiti
Be careful don't let the transit cops see me
It ain't nuttin like the old school

(Grand Puba sample repeats every bar to end)

It ain't nuttin like the old school
Hahahah, it ain't nuttin like the old school
Hey, heheaha, on the real though, ain't nuttin like the old school

Remember seein Brooklyn go crazy up in the motherfuckin party?
Member how fuckers used to go, Is Brooklyn in the house?
And motherfuckers would lose they GOD DAMN MIND
That's the old school to me; that's what I'm sayin' (Su-per, Sperm)
I remember goin' places that motherfuckers was scared to say
They was from anywhere but Brooklyn; that shit was the bomb
Back in the motherfuckin old school nigga
Remember skelly nigga? Knockin' niggaz out the box, poppin' boxes?
Member stickball? Member niggaz to run that shit like that?
Member the block members screamin up at your mom from the window?
(LL Cool J is hard as HELL...)
The ice cream truck, member all the mother...
Member the Italian icey's yo?
Yo remember the Italian icey's the Spanish niggaz comin' down
With the coconut icey's and shit?

I came through the door, said it before
That was the SHIT
(2Pac)
Haha, what you say?
Who you callin rapist? Ain't that a bitch
You devils, are so two faceted
Wanna see me locked in chains, dropped in shame
And gettin' stalked by these crooked cops a-gain
Fuckin' with the young black male, tryin' to stack bail
And umm, stay away from the packed jails
I told the judge I'm in danger
And that's why I had that fo'-five with one in the chamber
Fuck the world!

Chorus: 2Pac

(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
I woke up screamin, Fuck the world!
(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
Just woke up and screamed, Fuck the world!
(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
Uh, I woke up and screamed, Fuck the world!
(They're tryin' to say that I don't care)
Just got up and screamed, Fuck the world!

(2Pac)
When I was comin' up rough that wasn't even what you called it
That's why I smoke blunts now and run with alcoholics
I'm gettin', threats to me, comin' from my enemies
And, in they dreams it's, Hell where they sendin me
Have I, lost control or just another soul
A car full of motherfuckers when we roll
Sippin on yak as I sit back (YES!) life as a big mack
Brothers come up and say, You did that? (uh, uh, uh)
Never take yo' eyes off the prize, and even if you gettin' high
Don't ever hesitate to try
Cause you can fall off or stay ballin, niggaz we all in
And them my motherfuckers callin (oh, oh, oh)
Fuck the world!

Chorus: 2Pac

(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
I woke up and screamed, Fuck the world!
(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
Just woke up and screamed, Fuck the world!
(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
I got up and screamed, Fuck the world!
(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
I woke up and screamed, Fuck the world!
(They tryin' to say that I don't care)

(2Pac)
Man, fuck the world...
Damn, they wanna label me a menace
'Cause I'm sittin' here sippin on Guinness
Weighin 165, and these tricks should die
For bein jealous of a brother when he rides
I can see it in yo' eyes, you wanna see a young playa fallin'
They hate to see a nigga ballin
Some of you suckers is rottin, plottin on what I got
And then you wonder why I shot him (boo-ya!)
Stop givin' game for free, you wanna hang with me
Like being a thug is the thang to be?
But I got love for my homies, the G's and macks
And if you're black, you better stay strapped
Nigga, fuck the world!

Chorus: 2Pac

(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
I woke up and screamed, Fuck the world!
(They try to say that I don't care)
I woke up and screamed, Fuck the world!
(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
Got up and screamed, Fuck the world!

Haha, fuck the world! Fuck it
I hear my niggaz screamin fuck the world!

(2Pac)
They wanna know if I claim the click, that I'm hangin' with
And if I'm down with this bangin' shit
Well homie I don't give a fuck if you Blood or 'Cause
Long as ya got love for thugs
But don't try to test me out, stall that
Homie this is Thug Life nigga and we all strapped
I been through, Hell and back, and if I, fell black
Then it's, back to the corner where we sell crack
Some of you niggaz is bustas; you runnin' 'round
With these tramp=ass bitches, don't trust her
But don't cry, this world ain't prepared for us
A straight thug motherfucker who ain't scared to bust
Fuck the world!

Chorus: 2Pac

(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
I woke up and screamed, Fuck the world!
(They're tryin' to say that I don't care)
I woke up screamin, Fuck the world! (Uh!)
(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
I woke up screamin, Fuck the world!
(Yeah what's goin' on y'all?)
(Uh, uh, uh..) Fuck the world!

(I don't care... I don't care, I don't care!)
Child: Why you by the window?, what's wrong daddy?
Mother: I know what's wrong with that crazy motherfucker
He's just stand by the goddamn window
With that fuckin' AK all day
You don't work, you don't fuck, you don't,
You don't do a goddamn thing

I see death around the corner, gotta stay high while I survive
In the city where the skinny niggas die
If they bury me, bury me as a G nigga, no need to worry
I expect retaliation in a hurry
I see death around the corner, any day
Trying to keep it together, no one lives forever anyway
Strugglin' and strivin', my destiny's to die
Keep my finger on the trigger, no mercy in my eyes
In a ball of confusion, I think about my daddy
Madder than a motherfucker, they never shoulda had me
I guess I seen too many murders, the doctors can't help me
Got me stressin' with my pistol in my sheets, it ain't healthy
Am I paranoid? Tell me the truth
I'm out the window with my AK, ready to shoot
Ran out of endo and my mind can't take the stress,
I'm out of breath
Make me wanna kill my damn self,
But I see death around the corner


(When we were kids, belonging felt good)
I see death around the corner
(But having respect, that feels even better)
I see death around the corner
(When we were kids, belonging felt good)
I see death around the corner
(But having respect, that feels even better)

I see death around the corner,
The pressure's getting to me
I no longer trust my homies,
Them phonies tried to do me
Smoking too much weed,
Got me paranoid, stressed
Pack a gat and my vest,
Under my clothes when I dress
Here's hopin' I die the way I lived,
Straight thuggin'
Huggin' my trigger for all them niggas
That was buggin'
My homie told me once,
Don't you trust them other suckers
They fought like they your homies
But they phony motherfuckers
And even if I did die young, who cares
All I ever got was mean mugs and cold stares
I got homies in my head
Who done passed away screamin', please
Young nigga, make Gs
I can't give up, although I'm hopeless,
I think my mind's gone
All I can do is get my grind on, death around the corner


I was raised in the city, shitty
Ever since I was an itty bitty kitty
Drinkin' liquor out my momma's titty
And smokin' weed was an everyday thang in my household,
And drinking liquor till you out cold
And tho' I'm gone now, nigga it's still on- Pow
Bustin' on them niggas till they gone
How many more jealous ass bitches, comin' for my riches
Now I gotta stay suspicious when I bone
'Cause if I ain't sharp and heartless,
Them bitches will start shit
Excuse me, but this is where we part bitch
No more game for free, please explain to me
Why niggas trip bitch, who you came to see?
Murderin' now but see me later man, as for my pops
I got homies that will hunt you till you drop
I hope the Lord will forgive me, I was a G
And gettin' high was a way of gettin' free
I see death around the corner


This is for all the real mothafuckin' niggas out there
I know you ain't scared to die
We all gotta go, ya know?
A real motherfucker will pick the time he goes
And make sure he handles his motherfuckin' business
Y'all niggas stop acting like pussies out there,
All right

(Movie bites)

I'm tired off getting ripped off by guys like that

I want his family dead, I want his house burned to the ground
I want to got there in the middle of the night,
I wanna piss on his head
I want his family dead, I want his house burned to the ground
I want to got there in the middle of the night,
I wanna piss on his head

I want that son of a bitch dead, I want him dead
I want him dead, I don't care
(Tupac)
That's right nigga you gotta get your papers in this motherfucker
I ain't mad at ya at all (damn)
Aiyyo, what the fuck you wanna be when you grow up RahRah?

(RahRah) Nigga, is you stupid, I wanna be a motherfuckin Outlaw
(Tupac) That's right nigga, hahaha... housin these hoes, you feel me?
(RahRah) Aight, knowhatI'msayin?
(Tupac) You got to do that shit, keepin' it real nigga or what?
(RahRah) Keepin' it real!
(Tupac) How old are you nigga?
(RahRah) I'm eleven

(Tupac)
Cause all I see is, murder murder, my mind state
Preoccupied with homicide, tryin' to survive through this crime rate
Dead bodies at block parties, those unlucky bastards
Gunfire now they require many closed caskets
Who can you blame? It's insane what we dare do
Witnessin evil that these men do, bitches sin too
In fact they be the reasons niggaz get to bleedin
For the fuckin' fire when I leave em, you shoulda seen em
Hostile hoes catch elbows (beotch!) and foes disposed of
And snitches get dealt with, with no love
Body bags of adversaries that I had to bury
I broke the law and they jaw, all in the same flurry
But never worry, they'll remember me through history
Causin motherfuckers to bleed, they'll label me a

Outlaw, Outlaw, Outlaw (They came in to sin)
Outlaw, Outlaw, Outlaw (Dear God, I wonder could you save me?)

(Tupac)
Before I close my eyes I fantasize I'm livin' well
When I awake and realize I'm just a prisoner in hell
Just as well, cause in my cell I'm keepin' pictures of these bastards
Excersisin, visualizin, everyone inside a casket
Picture me blasted, surrounded by niggaz in masks
Sent with the task to harass and murder my ass
Will I last? Heaven or Hell? Freedom or jail?
Shit's hard, who can you tell? and if we fail?
High speeds, and thai weed on the freeway
When will they learn to take it easy? Uh
Drivebys and niggaz die, murder without a motive
By making motherfuckers fry
Got me runnin' from these coward-ass crooked-ass cops
Helicopters tryin' to hover over niggaz till we drop
Got no time for the courts, my only thought is open fire
Hit the district attorney, but fuck that bitch, 'cause she's a liar
Now it's time to expire, I see the judge, spray the bitch
"Motherfuckers is crooked," is what I scream, and hit the fence
I commence to get wicked, spittin' rounds as the plot thickens
Never missin' an early grave is my only mission
If I die, never worry, bury me beside my four-five
May God forgive me, I was high, label me a


(Dramacydal)
Society lied to me, I ain't never gonna try to be
My mob'll be doin' robberies, and stickups on these wannabe's
I witnessed niggaz lose they chest
For ordinary reasons niggaz bodies put to rest
So I just... swallow my Beck's and holla, "Fuck em!"
And if I'm next... just let a nigga step with somethin'
I ain't fearin nuttin

Young and thuggin', prepared for bustin' if that's my destiny
Ready for whatever, see you niggaz can't get the best of me
(Hold me down) Definitely no need for askin
(Now we mashin) Top speed (smokin' weed) blastin (biotch!)

'Cause when I bust 'em they gonna shiver, the killer squad soldiers
Got bodies floatin' in the river, what is they sayin'?
Talkin' bout prayin' -- they need to stop, that ain't gon' help
These niggaz sprayin up my block, tryin' to take my wealth


(Tupac)
Fuck the judge, I gotta grudge
Punk police, niggaz run the streets
Hahah, it ain't nuttin but muuuuzik
Shit's changed
1995 the game has changed, motherfuckers is actin' REAL strange
The rules is all rearranged
You got babies lyin' dead in the streets
These punk police is crooked as me
But all I see is motherfuckers actin' less than G's
Stop bein a playa-hater, be a innovator nigga
Fuck that shit, don't be no entertainer and a stranger
Be a real motherfucker keep it real pack that steel
Cause you know these streets is real deal
Muh'fuckers wanna see me in my casket
Jealous, motherfuckin bastards
I never die, thug niggaz multiply
Cause after me is Thug Life baby
Then the young thugs
Then the youngest thug of all my nigga RahRah
(2Pac *singing in background* 2X)
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nuttin to a G

(Let's get ready to ruuumbllle!)

(2Pac *speaking over background*)
Now you know how we do it like a G
What really go on in the mind of a nigga
That get down for theirs
Constantly, money over bitches

(2Pac *singing in background starts to overlap/repeat*)
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin' at me
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
Police bustin' at me
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
Got the police bustin' at me
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah...

(2Pac *speaking over background*)
Not bitches over money
Stay on your grind nigga
My ambitions as a ridah!
My ambitions as a ridah!

(2Pac)
So many battlefield scars while driven in plush cars
This life as a rap star is nothin' without heart
Was born rough and rugged, addressin the mad public
My attitude was, Fuck it, cause motherfuckers love it
To be a soldier, must maintain composure at ease
Though life is complicated, only what you make it to be
Uh, and my ambitions as a ridah to catch her
While she hot, and horny, go up inside her
Then I spit some game in her ear, Go to the tele hoe
You put what money in a Benz, cause bitch I'm barely broke
I'm smokin' bomb-ass weed feelin' crucial
From player to player, the game's tight, the feeling's mutual
From hustlin and prayers, to breakin motherfuckers to pay-up
I got no time for these bitches, cause these hoes tried to play us
I'm on a meal-ticket mission, want a mil', so I'm wishin
Competition got me ripped, on that bullshit they stressin (boo-yaa!)
I'ma rhyme though, clown hoes like it's manditory
No guts no glory my nigga bitch got the game distorted
Now it's on and it's on because I said so
Can't trust a bitch in the bidness so I got with Death Row
Now these money hungry bitches gettin' suspicious
Started plottin and plannin on schemes, to come and trick us
But Thug niggaz be on point and game tight (yeah)
Me, Syke and Bogart, wrap it up the same night
Got problems then handle it, motherfuckers see me
These niggaz is jealous cause deep in they heart they wanna be me
Uh, yeah, and now ya got me right beside ya
Hopin you listen I catch you payin' attention
To my amibitions as a ridah

Chorus: 2Pac

(Singing) I won't deny it, I'ma straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
(Singing) My ambitions as a ridah
(Singing) Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nuttin to a G

(Tupac)
(I won't deny it, I'ma straight ridah)
Peep it... it was my only wish to rise
Above these jealous coward mutherfuckers I despise
When it's time to ride, I was the first off this side, give me the nine
I'm ready to die right here tonight, and motherfuck they life (yeah nigga!)
That's what they screamin as they drill me, but I'm hard to kill
So open fire, I see you kill me (that's all you niggaz got?) witness my steel
Spittin' at adversaries envious and after me
I'd rather die before they catchin me, watch me bleed
Mama come rescue me I'm suicidal thinkin' thoughts
I'm innocent, so there'll be bullets flyin when I'm caught
(Shoot!) Fuck doin' jail time, better day, sacrifice
Won't get a chance to do me like they did my nigga Tyson
Thuggin' for life and if you right then nigga die for it
Let them other brothers try, at least you tried for it
When it's time to die to be a man you pick the way you leave
Fuck peace and the police, my ambitions as a ridah


(Tupac)
My murderous lyrics equipped with spirits of the Thugs before me
Pay off the block evade the cops 'cause I know they comin' for me
I been hesitant to reappear, been away for years
Now I'm back my adversaries been reduced to tears
Question my methods to switch up speeds, sure as some bitches bleeds
Niggaz'll feel the fire of my mother's corrupted seed
Blast me but they didn't finish, (buck buck buck buck buck)
Didn't diminish my powers
So now I'm back to be a motherfuckin menace, they cowards
That's why they tried to set me up
Had bitch-ass niggaz on my team, so indeed, they wet me up
But I'm back reincarnated, incarcerated
At the time I caught the perfect way that God made it
Lace 'em with lyrics that's legendary, musical mercenary
For money, I'll have these motherfuckers buried (I been)
Gettin' much mail in jail, niggaz tellin' me to kill it
Knowin' when I get out, they gon' feel it
Witness the realest, a whoridah when I put the shit inside
The cry from all your people when they find her
Just remind ya, my history'll prove I been it
Revenge on them niggaz that played me,
And all the cowards that was down widdit
Now it's yo' nigga right beside ya
Hopin you listenin, catch you payin' attention
To my ambitions as a ridah
(2Pac) Ah yeah
(Down) Yeauh
(2Pac) It's all about you, one time
(Down) I'ma say it's all about you baby, yeah
(2Pac) Haha, for the bitches that think it's all about you
It's all about you
(Down) This Dru Down in the house, with my boy 'Pizznac
YouknowhatI'msayin?
(2Pac) It's all about you
(Down) Yeah I'm gon' say it's all about you
But you know I'm lyin' though, hah! Yeauh

(2Pac)
You probably crooked as the last trick; want it light
But how I got my ass caught up with this bad bitch
Thinkin' I had her but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck I'm stuck with fuckin' with the wrong one, uh
Wise decisions, based on lies we livin'
Scandalous times, this game's like my religion
You could be rollin' with a thug
Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin' for some love
In every club, I see you starin' like you want it
Well baby if you got it better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin these walls as I pause, addicted to the fast life
I try to holla but you tell me you taken
Sayin' you ain't impressed, with the money I'm makin'
Guess it's true what they tellin' me
Fresh out of jail, life's Hell for a black, celebrity
So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you widdit
Fantansies of us sweatin, can I hit it? (Hahaha)
Addicted to the things you do, but still true
What I'm sayin' Boo, is this is all about you

(Nate Dogg)
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
(Yeah nigga, ha ha ha ha!)
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

(2Pac)
I make a promise if you go with me, just let me know
I'll have you hollerin my name out before I leave
Nobody loves me I'm a thug nigga; I only hung out
With the criminals and the drug dealers, I love niggaz
'Cause we comin' from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick, the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa, and I don't even care
Creep though, weed smoke's into the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
Waitin for niggaz at the end, of every show
I just seen you in my friend's, video
Could never put a bitch before my friends, so here we go
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin' through
It's all about you... hahaha, yeah nigga
It's all about you

(Nate Dogg)
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

(Outlawz)
Is you sick from the dick, or is it the flu?
It ain't about you or your bitch ass crew
Every other city we go and every video
Explain to a nigga why I see the same shitty hoe
You think it's all about you? Well Boo
I gets Down like Dru and my nasty new niggaz, too

You couldn't hold me back, it'd take a fatter track
A lyrical attack, perhaps, it was a visual bluff
When I started to snaps all your rode 'em swoll
Straight in control, flows'll fold, while hoes cold stroll
Hold the set, I told Dramacy' go in next
Golddiggin, cold diggin a gold Rolex

I slide in easily, try a grizzly
Sluts know the cuts, I came to fuck, try skeezin me
Runnin' up in ya just like Bruce Jenner when I bend ya
At the most, I fucked a bitch from the West Coast to West Virginia

(Nate Dogg)
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

(Snoop Doggy Dogg *speaking over last two lines*)
I'm tellin' ya, it's the same ol' shit
I mean... god damn, youknowhatI'msayin?
I'm sittin' back, watchin Montell Jordan video
I see the same bitch, who was in, my homeboy Nate Dogg video
Then I flip the channel
I'm checkin' out my homeboy Tupac video
I see the same bitch that was in my video, yaknahmsayin?
And then yaknahmsayin what make that even mo' fucked up
I'm watchin a Million Man March
And I see the same bitch, on the Million Man March
That was in, the homeboy Warren G video
I mean, damn, everywhere I look, everywhere I go
I see the same hoe
Don't get mad, I'm only bein real
Yeah
(2Pac) Hey Nate you know you got to focus on this motherfucker
We's gonna talk about these scandalous hoes
(Nate) I can talk about scandalous bitches
(2Pac) Oh I know you can!
I know you that's why we gonna do it
Daz on the beat
Hey Daz, nigga stop fuckin' around with the piano nigga
Just drop that shit like uh, this here

(2Pac)
I met you through my homie now you act like you don't know me
So disappointed cause baby that shit was so phony
It's not for me, you see no lovin' from my closest homies
Woulda paid you no mind, but baby you was all up on me
While you proceed with precision, you had the table hosed
No, I ain't mad at you baby, go 'head and play them fools
They chose not to listen, so now he stuck inside his house
And can't leave without his bitch permission
The mission's to be a playa, my alias is Boss
Drop a top on these jealous niggaz, playa let me floss
Y'all don't wanna see me in pain
I'll leave that ass like Toni Braxton, Never breathing again
It's scandalous, I never liked your back stabbin ass, triiick
Used to watch you money grabbin, who you baggin beeyitch?
Ready to bust, in the city you don't know who to trust
But bitches lookin' scandalous

Chorus: Nate Dogg

Scandalous... she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous
She's so scandalous... she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous
Scandalous... she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous
She's so scandalous... she's so scandalous, she's so scandalous

(2Pac)
How's it hangin'? Cause baby from the back the shit is bangin'
I've been stressin in this ghetto game, tryin' to do my thang
Won't be no bullshit, no ass-kissin'
This bitch'll have ya wakin' up with all your cash missin'
I'm askin, as if I'm qualified to analyze
You're lookin' at a bitch who specialize in tellin' lies
She got a body make a motherfucker fantasize
Her face ain't never shed a tear through them scandalous eyes
My sister ? in poverty
Plus I knew she was a freak bitch so why should it bother me?
I'd probably be sprung, addicted to the heat of her tongue
And though I don't where we're goin', she's makin' me come
I've been trained as a boss playa, so what you sayin'?
Let me show you, got some hookers we can toss later
Before I let her get me off guard
Went in the purse took a hundred dollars
Nigga I'm so scandalous


(2Pac)
Dangerous and ambitious, while schemin on gettin' riches
I'm spittin' at tricks 'cause I'm addicted to pretty bitches
Currency motivated, not easily terminated
Now that we made it, my niggaz can never be faded
This is my prophecy -- I gotta be paid
All you cowards that try to stop me is beggin for early graves
I thought we was cool, I was a fool, thinkin' you could be true
When I don't fuck with your punk crew
These are the tales for my niggaz doin' time in the cell
I went from hell, to livin' well
Bustin' at niggaz who said my name in vain
I got no time for them tricks, I'm heavy in the game
I wanna be a baller, please
But the bitches and the liquor keep on callin me
I'm floatin free on the highway, formulatin plans
Can't wait till I see L.A., 'cause it's so scandalous


Chorus *repeat to end* (2Pac speaks over it)

(2Pac)
Aiyyo... how the prettiest bitch be the more scandalous the hoe be
You ever peep that shit? (Nah)
A bitch can be like fifteen, fuckin' with a nigga 35
Gettin' him for ends
Hoes these days is way too motherfuckin intelligent
When these niggaz get to trickin, hahaha, it's over then
That's aight though
Keep a nigga heavy in the game, bout so long
Watch them hoes
All you niggaz out there
Beware these lyin' ass scandalous bitches
Verse One: Daz

You find an MC like me who's strong
Leavin' motherfucker's aborted, with no verbal support
And when I command the microphone I gets deadly as Kahn though
With a bear and a snake and a panda, I'm on those
Who can withstand, the mo' power I gain
And make it possible for me to drop a few to wreck ya brain
Imagine and keep on wishin upon a star
Finally realizing who the fuck we are
When I penetrate, it's been withstandin, faded
Would it be the greatest MC of all time
When I created rhyme for the simple fact
When I attack I crush your pride
My intention to ride, every time all night
I'm faced with the scars beyond this one bar
For me to put down my guard, I'm faced witha mirage
Breakin in gas with the six-eight all day
In and out with my pay
I'm soon to count the bodies...

Verse Two: Tupac

So mandatory my elevation my lyrics like orientation
So you can be more familiar with tha nigga you facin
We must be based on nothin' better than communication
Known to damage and highly flammable like gas stations
Sorry I left that ass waitin
No more procrastination give up to fate, and get that ass shakin
I'm bustin' and makin' motherfuckers panic
Don't take ya life for granted put that ass in the dirt
You swear the bitches planned it
My lyrics motivate the planet
It's similar to Rhythm Nation
But thugged out, forgive me Janet
Who's in control I'm acvtivatin your soul
You know, the way the games gettin' sold
Yo, two years ago, a friend of mine
Told me Alize and Cristal blows your mind
Bear witness to the dopest fuckin' rhyme I wrote
Takin' off my coat, clearing my throat

Chorus: Method Man

I got my mind made up, come on... (come on)
Get in get in too (get on it)
Let it ride (get wit it) tonight's tha night
I got my mind made up, come on...
Get in get in too
Let it ride... tonight's tha night

Verse Three: Kurupt

Well I comes through with two packs
Of the bomb prophalaks for protection
So my fuckin' sac won't collapse
Cause nowaday's, shit's evading the x-rays
Sending young motherfuckers to an early grave
I wonder, if my terrifying tactics of torturing MC's
Shows my heart's as cold as the tundra
Electryfing like thunder, I'm just too much
Rough and raw with that motherfuckin poisonous touch
I'm an MC with lyrics that's tha fuckin' bom-bay
Ya got dissed, that's before it's ingest like balmay
My rhymes, I leave a mark on ya mind
As the deadly vibes spread through ya head like Sam Time
There's no escape, nah I ain't blastin
I use my mental to assassinate assassin's for those askin
Opposed to laughin', raw maniacal villain
Laughter enhances the chances of tha killin'
Why is that? 'Cause smilin' faces deceive
You best believe, to MC's I'm the deadliest disease
My thoughts rip ya throat and make it hard to breathe
Ya whole camp's under siege, and I'm Jason Vorhees
In the heat of the night is when I defeat and ignite mikes
My verbal snipe, your vocab on site
I'm out tha cut, uncut and raw with no clause for all
So all my rhymes hit and split tha bricks on the wall
Ya already have an idea about tha superior sphere
The greater rhyme creator on both sides of tha equator
I rock from here to there, to Philly and back
To LA on the spot where I rock and bust like straps
As your views get overshadowed when you come in contact
Beware, set and prepare to enter verbal combat

Verse Four: Method Man

Fuck you losers, while you fake jacks I makes maneuvers
Like Hitler, stickin up Jews wit German lugers
The Mr. Meth-Tical from Staten Isle
Will be back after this mess-age don't touch tha dial
Rarely do you see an MC out for justice
Got my gun powder and my musket -- blaooow!
Melons get swellings, I paint mental pictures like Magellen
Half of my Clan's three deep felons
Niggaz best protect they joints for Nine-Nickel
Man I stay on point like icicles
Now who wanna test Tical then touch Tical
All up in your motherfuckin mouth
Head banger boogie
Catch me on tour with Al Doogie
Method Man roll too tight, you can pull me
Better take one and pass or that's that ass
Your vital statistics are low and fallin' fast
Johnny Blaze out to get loot like Johnny Cash
Play a game of Russian Roulette and have a blast

Verse Five: Redman

Aiyyo, lyrical gas spittin' tha criminal tactics
Non-believers get my dick and genitals backwards
Let's face it, there's no replacement
Taste this, mad underground basement, shit I'm laced with
Avalanche on ya whole camp when I'm splifted
Funk Doctor who? Spock bitch don't get it twisted
I got connects like Federal Express
To get the fresh package of bless, tha dogs can't fetch
Got the clear spot from tha rear block
To bust till every nigga here drop, men I fear not
Hold ya nose and blow out till ya ears pop
Since ya crew suit you to shift now you claim that you get's lot
With, this underground cannabis
I'm dangerous like John the bomb analyst
Then proceeds like keys
My degrees freeze consecutively like EPMD LP's
Lick off a shot and hit ya fam by mistake
So I erase the whole front row at the wake
I planned my escape in case jake or a snake bust it
I'm the one pushin the hearse in the first place
Confidence for you shaky ass folks
Pump for Rockafella for the day he got smoked
Choke, off this anecdote got you ope
Get roast, by my lyrics Billy Dee .45 Coly
And I'm out for nine nickel (INS tha rebel)
(West, list this, this, this...)
How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it, yeah? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

Love the way you activate your hips and push your ass out
Got a nigga wantin' it so bad I'm 'bout to pass out
Wanna dig you and I can't even lie about it
Baby just alleviate your clothes, time to fly up out it

Catch you at a club, oh shit you got me fiendin'
Body talkin' shit to me but I can't comprehend the meaning
Now if you wanna roll with me, then here's your chance
Doin' eighty on the freeway, police catch me if you can

Forgive me I'm a rider, still I'm just a simple man
All I want is money, fuck the fame I'm a simple man
Mr. International, playa with the passport
Just like Aladdin bitch, get you anything you ask for

It's either him or me, champagne, Hennessy
A favorite of my homies when we floss on our enemies
Witness as we creep to a low speed, peep what a hoe need
Puff some mo' weed, funk, ya don't need

Approachin' hoochies with a passion, been a long day
But I've been driven by attraction in a strong way
Your body is bangin' baby, I love it when you flaunt it
Time to give it to daddy nigga now tell me how U want it

How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
I'm livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

Tell me is it cool to fuck?
Did you think I come to talk, am I a fool or what?
Positions on the floor it's like erotic, ironic
'Cause I'm some what psychotic
I'm hittin' switches on bitches like I been fixed with hydraulics

Up and down like a roller coaster, I'm up inside ya
I ain't quittin' till the show is over, 'cause I'mma rider
In and out just like a robbery, I'll probably be a freak
And let you get on top of me, get her rockin' these

Nights full of Aliz&#xE9;, a livin' legend
You ain't heard about these niggaz play these Cali days
Delores Tucker, you'se a motherfucker
Instead of tryin' to help a nigga you destroy a brother

Worse than the others, Bill Clinton, Mr. Bob Dole
You're too old to understand the way the game is told
You're lame so I gotta hit you with the hot facts
Want some on lease? I'm makin' millions, niggaz top that

They wanna censor me, they'd rather see me in a cell
Livin' in hell, only a few of us'll live to tell
Now everybody talkin' 'bout us I could give a fuck
I'd be the first one to bomb and cuss, nigga tell me how U want it

How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
I'm livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

Raised as a youth, tell the truth I got the scoop
On how to get a bulletproof because I jumped from the roof
Before I was a teenager, mobile phone, Sky Pager
Game rules, I'm livin' major, my adversaries

Is lookin' worried, they paranoid of gettin' buried
One of us gon' see the cemetery
My only hope to survive if I wish to stay alive
Gettin' high, see the demons in my eyes, before I die

I wanna live my life and ball, make a couple million
And then I'm chillin' fade 'em all
These taxes got me crossed up and people tryin' to sue me
Media is in my business and they actin' like they know me

Ha ha ha, but I'mma mash out, peel out
I'm with it quick I'se quick to whip that fuckin' steel out
Yeah nigga it's some new shit so better get up on it
When ya see me tell a nigga how ya want it, how do U want it?

How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
I'm livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

How do you want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
(Snoop) Up out of there
(Tupac) *chuckles*
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Snoop) Pump that up G
(Tupac) Ah shit, you done fucked up now
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Tupac) You done put two of America's most wanted in
The same motherfuckin place at the same
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Tupac) motherfuckin time, hahahahah
Y'all niggaz about to feel this
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Tupac) Break out the champagne glasses and the
Motherfuckin condoms Have one on us aight?
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party

(2Pac)
Picture perfect, I paint a perfect picture
Bomb the hoochies with precision my intention's to get richer
With the S-N double-O-P, Dogg my fuckin' homey
Youse a cold ass nigga on them hogs

(Snoop)
Sho nuff, I keep my hand on my gun
'Cause they got me on the run
Now I'm back in the courtroom waitin on the outcome
Free Tupac, is all that's on a niggaz mind
But at the same time it seem they tryin' to take mine
So I'ma get smart, and get defensive and shit
And put together a million march, for some gangsta shit

(2Pac)
So now they got us laced
Two multimillionare motherfuckers catchin cases (mmm)
Bitches get ready for the throwdown
The shit's about to go down
Uh, me and Snoop about to clown
I'm Losin My Religion, I'm vicious on these stool pigeons
You might be deep in this game, but you got the rules missin'
Niggaz be actin' like they savage, they out to get the cabbage
I got, nothin' but love, for my niggaz livin' lavish

(Snoop)
I got a pit named P, she niggarino
I got a house out in the hills right next to Chino
And I, think I got a black Beamer
But my dream is to own a fly casino
Like Bugsy Seagel, and do it all legal
And get scooped up, by the little homie in the Regal
Mmm, it feel good to you baby bubba
Ya see, this is for the G's and the keys motherfucker

(2Pac)
Now follow as we riiiiide
Motherfuck the rest, two of the best from the West side
And I can make you famous
Niggaz been dyin' for years, so how could they blame us
I live in fear of a felony
I never stop bailin these, motherfuckin G's
If ya got it better flaunt it, another warrant
2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted

-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Tupac) Nothin' but a gangsta party... Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
-Nothin' but a gangsta party
(Tupac) it ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin gangsta party
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Tupac) Nothin' but a gangsta party it ain't nothin' but a
Motherfuckin gangsta party
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party

(2Pac)
Now give me fifty feet
Defeat is not my destiny, release me to the streets
And keep whatever's left of me
Jealousy is misery, suffering is grief
Better be prepared when you cowards fuck wit me
I bust and flea, these niggaz must be crazy what?
There ain't no mercy motherfuckers who can fade the Thugs
(Hahah right) You thought it was but it wasn't, now disappear
Bow down in the presence of a boss player

(Snoop)
It's like 'cause, blood, gangbangin
Everybody in the party doin' dope slangin
You got to have papers in this world
You might get your first snatch, before your eyes swerl
Ya doing ya job, every day
And then you work so hard till ya hair turn gray
Let me tell you about life, and 'bout the way it is
You see we live by the gun, so we die by the gun's kids

(2Pac)
They tell me not to roll with my glock
So now I gotta throw away
Floatin in the black Benz, tryin' to do a show a day
They wonder how I live, with five shots
Niggaz is hard to kill, on my block
Schemes for currency and doe related
Affiliated with the hustlers, so we made it
No answers to questions, I'm tryin' to get up on it
My nigga Dogg with me, eternally the most wanted

Chorus (w/ variations to end)
Intro: 2Pac

Hey DeVante
Nigga, don'tcha know we're gonna sow up every bitch in the country
Me and you, up in the same motherfuckin room
On the same level
This shit here, hahahaha
Please, no more pain
That's right nigga
Hey drop that shit boy

Verse One: 2Pac

My adversaries cry like hoes fully eradicate my foes
My lyrics explode on contact, gamin you hoes
Who else but Mama's only son, fuck the phony niggaz I'm the one
Say my name, watch bitches come, now fire
When ready, stay watchin now figure, increase speed
Make you motherfuckers bleed from your mouth quicker
Plus all these niggaz that you run with, be on some dumb shit
Trick on the hoes, I ain't the one bitch
Holla my name and witness game official, it's so sick
Have every single bitch that came witchu, on my dick
Plus this alcohol increases the chance to be deceased
I'm movin you stupid bitches, vicious telekenesis
Am I reachin' your brain? Nigga how can I explain?
How vicious this Thug motherfucker came
When I die, I wanna be a livin' legend, say my name
Affiliated with this motherfuckin game, with no more pain

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (repeat 4X)

Verse Two: 2Pac

Line up my adversaries, blast on sight, and fuck your boyfriend
Bitch, I want some ass tonight, you know my steelo
Alize and Cristal, weed sure you heard of all the freaky shit they say about me, huh
Plus all you busters is jealous, pull your gun out and blast
I dare you niggaz to open fire, I'll murder that ass
And disappear before the cops come runnin', my glock's spittin' rounds
Niggaz fallin' down clutchin they stomach
It's Westside, Death Row, Thug niggaz on the rise
Busters shot me five times, real niggaz don't die
Can ya hear me? Laced with this game, I know you fear me
Spit the secret to war, so cowards fear me
My only fear of death is reincarnation
Heart of a solider with a brain to teach your whole nation
And feelin' no more pain


Verse Three: 2Pac

Bury me that's what they all say, it's time to make a killin'
Sure to make a million with DeVante
Bitch I know you want me, what your mouth say? Now, watch your eyes
You don't wanna get with me, that's a lie
I got my hands on your hips, no time to bullshit
Freaky bitch, come give me kiss
Tell them niggaz from other areas, brothers from here
So obsessed with this money makin' it ain't nothin' we fear
Now they label me a troublemaker, 'cause I'm a ridah
Death to you playa haters, don't let me find ya
Mama made me rugged, baptised the public
Now you hard thugs, nigga don't you love it
It's similar to multiple gunshots, retaliation is a must
Wasn't too sure what you facin so watch the guns bust
You niggaz'll bleed, fuckin' with me you'll be deceased
Never restin in peace nigga, with no more pain


(Tupac talking over the chorus)
Hahahahaha, yeah nigga, yeah! Hahahaha
No more pain
It's just like that nigga, like that yeah
No more pain
Motherfuckers can't handle that shit
Much too much for these bitches
No more pain
Feel me nigga? Feel me?
How you figure you can fuck with me?
Fully automatic type shit
No more pain
Coward ass niggaz, cowards
Come put your mouth on this pistol nigga
Come put your mouth on the pistol, no more pain
Close your eyes nigga, do it
Die in the dark, no more pain
Say thuuuuug life babe

Death Row, so what you motherfuckers do?
Hey that's DeVante droppin' that beat like that BEYATCH
In case you wonderin
And jealous niggaz, hahaha, see y'all niggaz
Motherfuckin niggaz are shit
Hey

(Chorus being whispered in the background)
Westsiiiiiide! Death to everybody that ain't down with me
That's on, feel me? Hahaha
Oh yeah, to the cowards, you know what I mean
Just feel that, Thug Life, shit don't stop
Motherfuckers got Downs Syndrome, motherfuckers
Weak ass niggaz, skanless cunts, fuckin' C.E... O.'s
Put your mouth on this pistol nigga
Put your mouth on the pistol!
Hahahaha, yeah nigga no more pain
Prison ain't changed me nigga, it made me worse
Feel me nigga, haha
No more pain
Hey DeVante I'm givin' these motherfuckers choices
Niggaz can roll with us, or they can be rolled under us
That's on you nigga, what you wanna do?
Last year we was lettin these niggaz kick up dust
This year you motherfuckers gonna be dust
Thug Life nigga Westsiiiiide!
Ah, Suge what I tell you nigga,
When I come out of jail what was I gonna do
I was gonna start diggin' into these niggas chest, right
Watch this, hey Quik let me see them binoculars, nigga
The binoculars

Ha ha ha ha, yeah nigga time to ride
Grab your bulletproof vest nigga
'Cause it's gonna be a long one
Now me and Quik gonna show you niggas what it's like on this side
The real side
Now, on this ride there's gonna be some real mutha-fuckas
And there's gonna be some pussys
Now the real niggas gonna be the ones with money and bitches
The pussys are gonna be the niggas on the floor bleedin'
Now everybody keep your eyes on the prize cause the ride get tricky
See you got some niggas on your side
That say they're your friends
But in real life they your enemies
And then you got some mutha-fuckas that say they your enemies
But in real life they eyes is on your money
See the enemies will say they true
But in real life those niggas will be the snitches
It's a dirty game y'all
Y'all got ta be careful about who you fuck with and who you don't fuck with
Cause the shit get wild y'all
Keep your mind on your riches, Baby
Keep your mind on your riches

9-1-1 it's a emergency cowards tried to murder me
From hood to the 'burbs, everyone of you niggas heard of me
Shit I'm legendary niggas scary and paralyzed
Nothing more I despise than a liar
Cowards die
My mama told me When I was to see
Just a vicious mutha fucker while these devils left me free
I proceed to make them shiver
When I deliver
Criminal lyrics
From a world wide mob figure
Thug niggas from everywhere Mr. Mackaveli
Niggas is waiting for some thug shit, that's what they tell me
So many rumors but I'm infinitely Immortal Outlaw
Switching up on you ordinary bitches
Like a south paw you get let
And every breath I breathe until the moment I'm deceased
Will be another moment ballin' as a 'G'
I rip the crowd, then I start again
Internally I live in sin
Until the moment that they let me breathe again
The heartz of men


The Heartz of Men

My lyrical verse with so much pain
That to some niggas it hurts
My guns bust
And if you ain't one of us
It gets worse
Bitch niggas get their eyes swoll
In fly mode
I'm a homicidal outlaw
And five-o, get your lights on, fight long
Tonight's gonna be a fuckin' fight
So we might roll
My own homies say I'm heartless
But I'm a 'G' to this till the day I'm gone that's regardless
Drive-by, niggas bow down
Thought I'd rot in jail, paid bail, well niggas out now
Throw up your hands if you thugged out
First nigga act up
First nigga gettin' drugged out
I can be a villain if ya let me
I'll Muthafuck ya
If ya do upset me
Tell the cops to come and get me
Rip the crowd like a phone number
Then start again, don't have no muthafuckin' friends nigga
Look inside the heartz of men


In The Heartz of Men
In The Heartz of Men

To all my niggas engaged in making money in the fifty states
Keep your mind on your chips and fuck a punk bitch
No longer living in fear
My pistol close in hand
Convinced this is my year
Like I'm the chosen man
Give me my money and label me as a Don
If niggas is having problems
Smoke'em, fire and bomb
I died and came back,
I hustle with these lyrics as if it's a game of crack
Thugin' is in my spirit
I'm lost and not knowing
Scar'd up
But still flowing
Energized and still going
Uh, can it be fate
That makes a sick muthafucka break
On these jealous ass coward 'cause they evil and fake
What will it take?
Give me that bass line
I'm feeling bombed
Deathrow baby, don't be alarmed
The homie Quik gave a nigga a beat and let me start again
Represent
'Cause I've been sent
The heartz of men
How many brothas fell victim to tha streetz?
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a Heaven for a 'G'
It'd be a lie, If I told ya that I never thought of death
My niggas, we tha last ones left
But life goes on...

How many brothas fell victim to tha streetz?
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a Heaven for a 'G'
It'd be a lie, If I told ya that I never thought of death
My niggas, we tha last ones left
But life goes on...

Verse One:

As I bail through tha empty halls
Breath stinkin' in my draws
Ring, ring, ring
Quiet y'all
Incoming call
Plus this my homie from high school
He's getting bye
It's time to bury another brotha nobody cry
Life as a baller
Alchol and booty calls
We usta do them as adolecents
Do you recall?
Raised as G's
Loc'ed out and blazed the weed
Get on tha roof
Let's get smoked out
And blaze with me
2 in tha morning
And we still high assed out
Screamin' 'thug till I die'
Before I passed out
But now that you're gone
I'm in the zone
Thinkin'
'I don't wanna die all alone'
But now ya gone
And all I got left are stinkin' memories
I love them niggas to death
I'm drinkin' Hennessy
While tryin' ta make it last
I drank a 5th for that ass
When you passed...
Cause life goes on


Verse Two:

Yeah nigga
I got tha word as hell
Blew trial and tha judge gave you
25 with an L
Time to prepare to do fed time
Won't see parole
Imagine life as a convict
That's getten' old
Plus with tha drama
We're lookin' out for your babies mama
Taken risks, while keepin' cheap tricks from beatin' on her...
Life in tha hood...
Is all good for nobody
Remember gamin' on dumb hotties at your party
Me and you
No true a two
While scheming on hits
And gettin' tricks
That maybe we can slide into
But now you buried
Rest nigga
'Cause I ain't worried
Eyes blurry
Sayin' goodbye at the cemetery
Tho' memories fade
I got your name tated on my arm
So we both ball till my dying days
Before I say goodbye
Kato and Mental rest in peace
Thug till I die


Verse Three:

Bury me smilin'
With G's in my pocket
Have a party at my funeral
Let every rapper rock it
Let tha hoes that I usta know
From way before
Kiss me from my head to my toe
Give me a paper and a pen
So I can write about my life of sin
A couple bottles of Gin
In case I don't get in
Tell all my people I'm a Ridah
Nobody cries when we die
We outlaws
Let me ride
Until I get free
I live my life in tha fast lane
Got police chasen' me
To my niggas from old blocks
From old crews
Niggas that guided me through
Back in tha old school
Pour out some liquor
Have a toast for tha homies
See we both gotta die
But ya chose to go before me
And brothas miss ya while you're gone
You left your nigga on his own
How long we mourn
Life goes on...

(Chorus repeats to end)
(Spoken over repeating chorus:)

Life goes on homie
Gone on, 'cause they passed away
Niggas doin' life
Niggas doin' 50 and 60 years and shit
I feel ya nigga, trust me
I feel ya
You know what I mean
Last year
We poured out liquor for ya
This year nigga, life goes on
We're gonna clock now
Get money
Evade bitches
Evade tricks
Give players plenty space
And basically just represent for you baby
Next time you see your niggas
Your gonna be on top nigga
Their gonna be like,
'Goddamn, them niggas came up'
That's right baby
Life goes on...
And we up out this bitch
Hey Kato, Mental
Y'all niggas make sure it's popin' when we get up there
Don't front.
(Intro: 2Pac)

Only God can judge me, is that right?
(Synth voice) Only God can judge me now
Only God baby, nobody else, nobody else
All you other motherfuckers get out my business

(Verse One: 2Pac)

Perhaps I was blind to the facts, stabbed in the back
I couldn't trust my own homies just a bunch a dirty rats
Will I, succeed, paranoid from the weed
And hocus pocus try to focus but I can't see
And in my mind I'm a blind man doin' time
Look to my future cause my past, is all behind me
Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine?
Everybody's dyin' tell me what's the use of tryin'
I've been trapped since birth, cautious, 'cause I'm cursed
And fantasies of my family, in a hearse
And they say it's the white man I should fear
But, it's my own kind doin' all the killin' here
I can't lie, ain't no love for the other side
Jealousy inside, make 'em wish I died
Oh my Lord, tell me what I'm livin' for
Everybody's droppin' got me knockin' on heaven's door
And all my memories, of seein brothers bleed
And everybody grieves, but still nobody sees
Recollect your thoughts, don't get caught up in the mix
Cause the media is full of dirty tricks
Only God can judge me

(Chorus: 2Pac)

(Synth voice) Only God can judge me
That's right baby, yeah baby
(Synth voice) Only God
(Synth + Pac) Only God can judge me, only God can judge
(Synth cont.) me, only God
Only God can judge me
(Synth + Pac) Only God can judge me
And only God can
(Synth voice) Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
(Synth + Pac) Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me
(Synth voice) Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
(Synth voice) Only God can judge me now

(Heart monitor: long beep)
Flatline!

(Verse Two: 2Pac)

I hear the doctor standing over me (heart monitor: beeping slowly)
Screamin I can make it
Got a body full of bullet holes layin here naked
Still I, can't breathe, somethings evil in my IV
Cause every time I breathe, I think they killin' me (beeping sound stops)
I'm having nightmares, homicidal fantansies
I wake up strangled in, dangled in my bed sheets
I call the nurse cause it hurts, to reminisce
How did it come to this? I wish they didn't miss
Somebody help me, tell me where to go from here
Cause even Thugs cry, but do the Lord care?
Try to remember, but it hurts
I'm walkin' through the cemetery talkin' to the, dirt
I'd rather die like a man, than live like a coward
There's a ghetto up in Heaven and it's ours, "Black Power"
Is what we scream as we dream in a paranoid state
And our fate, is a lifetime of hate
Dear Mama, can you save me? And fuck peace
Cause the streets got our babies, we gotta eat
No more hesitation each and every black male's trapped
And they wonder why we suicidal runnin' round strapped
Mista, Po-lice, please try to see that there's
A million motherfuckers stressin just like me
Only God can judge me

(Chorus w/ variations)

(Interlude: 2Pac)

That which does not kill me can only make me stronger
(That's for real)
And I don't see why everybody feel as though
That they gotta tell me how to live my life
(You know?)
Let me live baby, let me live

(Verse Three: Rappin' 4-Tay, Tupac)

Pac I feel ya, keep servin' it on the rilla
For instance say a playa hatin' mark is out to kill ya
Would you be wrong, for buckin a nigga to the pavement?
He gon' get me first, if I don't get him fool start prayin'
Ain't no such thing as self-defense in the court of law
So judge us when we get to where we're goin' wearin a cross, that's real
Got him, lurked him, crept the fuck up on him
Sold a half a million tapes now everybody want em
After talkin' behind my back like a bitch would
Tellin' them niggaz, "You can fade him," punk I wish you would
It be them same motherfuckers in your face that'll rush up in your place
To get your safe, knowin' you on that paper chase
Grass, glass, big screen and leather couch
My new shit is so fetti already sold a key of ounce
Bitch, remember Tupac and 4-Tay
Them same two brothers dodgin bullets representin the Bay
Pac when you was locked down, that's when I be around
Start climbing up the charts, so sick, but they tried to clown
That's why they ride the bandwagon still be draggin sellin lies
Don't think I don't see you haters, I know y'all in disguise

Guess you figure you know me 'cause I'm a Thug
That love to hit the late night club, drink then buzz
Been livin' lavish like a player all day
Now I'm bout to floss 'em off, player shit with 4-Tay
Only God can judge me

(Chorus w/ variations)

(4Tay) Only God main
(2Pac) That right?
(4Tay) That's real
(2Pac) Hahahahahaha
(4Tay) Fuck everybody else, yaknowhatI'msayin?
(2Pac) Man, look here man
My only fear of death is comin' back to this bitch reincarnated
That's for the homey mental
We up out

(Chorus w/out 2Pac continues to fade)
A military mind nigga
A military mind mean money
A criminal grind nigga
A criminal grind mean hustle
You know

We tradin war stories
We outlaws on the rise
Jealous niggas I despise
Look in my eyes. (2x)

Now can your mind picture
A thug nigga drinkin hard liquor
This ghetto life has got me catchin up to god quicker
Who would figure that all I need was a
Hair trigga Semi-Automatic Mac-11 just to scare niggas
Pardon my thug poetry
But suckers is born everyday and fear of man grow on trees
Criminal ties for centuries
A legend in my own rhymes
So niggas wishful when they mention
Makaveli was my tutor and Donald Goines
My father figure
Mama sent me to go play with the drug dealers
Henceforth
We thug niggas and we came in packs
Every one of niggas strapped sippin on 'nac(Cognac)
In the back, my AR 15
Thuggin till I die
These streets got me cravin thorazine
My lyrics are blueprints to money makin
Fat as that ass that honeys' shakin

Repeat chorus 2X

I must stay thuggin and shit
They call it overthuggin and shit
But I was just a younger nigga gettin older and lovin this shit
But what was I doin in this place?
To the fakes without a pistol in the first
Facin termination in the worst
But I figured to play the war
To watch all these playa hatin niggas position
For I could see em all
Made it up out of there
Lucky to be here
to tell you, but it'll never be a repeat
People I'm tryin to tell you

Now picture the scenery
I'm thugged out smokin greenery
Considered a BG(baby gangsta) but I'm offering
This game something deeper
My eyes only see these
That's why I'm definately bugged out
Learned to know how
Well to do now
By 18, turned out
And why I do it?
The ridin and smokin, collidin with foes in the first place
that shouldn't have fucked with us in the first place
Got real OG's(original gangsta) droppin game to the youngsters
Y'all don't want no fun
'Cause y'all be the next in the long line of ??

Chorus repeats 2X

I starts em off with this gansta raw story tale
Stackin loot up in the coup that I protect with a Mack 12
Slap my clip in the chamber
Fool, your life's in danger
No one will remain when I come through dumpin insane
Call me ?? Major Payne
Ya slay and move and gain
I be the nigga pullin the trigga and
Dumpin the hollow points in your brain
Mo bigger balls that RuPaul
Thug Life ain't a ball
We bust that ass up against a wall
? As for men ?
We bucks em down on the way to the ground
Ain't nuttin but the hog in me
This stuff is real, dough(though)
Killin the Po's and keep mobbin, G
???
?? with a sawed off
'Cause they dirty as drawers, y'all
And had them bitch niggas hauled off

Chorus repeats 2X

Mama had me lived and raised on shit that ain't ok
Ain't nuttin on this earth will make a nigga like me stay
I'm reminissin and catchin flashbacks when niggas
Ran up in my house and I was too young to try to blast back
What happend then, no one would tell me since I was 3
Heard they got to my peoples
Now they livin somewhere free
But fuck that
You got whats mines and I want that
Never drop my guard
Been on the squad
Since ways back
And now I'm sittin
Holdin in anger because my parents missin
Thuggin and murderin
Got some war stories for ya

Now look at me
Straight Outlaw Immortal
Never gave a fuck 'cause I was nobody's daughter
Outlaw from my tits to my clips
Don't try to figure 'cause the murderous tendencies of my mind
Can be controled, nigga
So who's the bigger?
Who's the quickest killer?
Would ya try to trip with my finger on the 9 milla
When I got cha, ak nine fourths(?)
Prayin to god as your life goes back and forth

Chorus repeats through the rest of the song

(Spoken)
War stories, nigga
Heh, heh. Ya playas, too
Thug Life. Outlaw Immortals. Mother fuckin Tupac AKA Makaveli
Can you feel me?
Just say never
Say Death Row
My niggas love that shit
Dramacydal in this mother fucker
Heh, heh. Yeah nigga. Shout outs to my niggas Fatal and Felony
See ?, ya bald head nut
What?
You know what time it is
California love

California knows how to party
California knows how to party
In the city of L.A.
In the city of good old Watts
In the city, city of Compton
We keep it rockin'
We keep it rockin'

Dr. Dre
Now let me welcome everybody to the wild, wild west
A state that's untouchable like Eliot Ness
The track hits your eardrum like a slug to your chest
Pack a vest for your jimmy in the city of sex

We in that sunshine state with a bomb-ass hemp beat
The state where you never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens
Lean, mean, money-making machines serving fiends

I been in the game for ten years making rap tunes
Ever since honeys was wearing Sassoon
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me
Diamonds shining, looking like I robbed Liberace

It's all good from Diego to the Bay
Your city is the bomb if your city making pay
Throw up a finger if you feel the same way
Dre putting it down for Californ-I-A

California (California) knows how to party (knows how to party)
California (West Coast) knows how to party (yes they do, that's right)
In the city of L.A. (city of L.A.)
In the city of good old Watts (good old Watts)
In the city, city of Compton (city of Compton, yeah)
We keep it rockin' (keep it rockin')
We keep it rockin'

My niggas say, come on
Shake it, shake it, baby
Shake it, shake it, shake it, baby
Shake it, shake it, mama
Shake it, Cali (shake it, Cali)
Shake it, shake it, baby (that's right)
Shake it, shake it, baby, baby
Shake it, shake it, mama
Shake it, Cali

2Pac
Out on bail, fresh out of jail, California dreaming
Soon as I step on the scene I'm hearing hoochies screamin'
Fiending for money and alcohol
The life of a Westside player, where cowards die
And it's all war

Only in Cali where we riot, not rally to live and die
In L.A. we wearing Chucks, not Ballies (that's right)
Dressed in Locs and khaki suits and ride is what we do
Flossing but have caution; we collide with other crews

Famous 'cause we program worldwide
Let them recognize from Long Beach to Rosecrans
Bumping and grinding like a slow jam
It's Westside, so you know The Row won't bow down to no man

Say what you say
But give me that bomb beat from Dre
Let me serenade the streets of L.A.
From Oakland to Sac-Town
The Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put they mack down
Give me love

California (California) knows how to party
Really knows how to
California knows how to party
In the city of L.A. (South Central)
In the city of good old Watts (that's right)
In the city, city of Compton
We keep it rockin'
We keep it rockin'

(Yeah, yeah, now make it shake, c'mon)
Shake it, shake it, baby
Shake it, shake it, shake it, baby
Shake it, shake it, mama
Shake it, Cali (shake it, Cali)
Shake it, shake it, baby (shake it, Cali)
Shake it, shake it
Shake it, shake it, mama (West Coast)
Shake it Cali

Yeah, oh

Yeah, Long Beach in the house, aww yeah
Oaktown, Oakland definitely in the house
'Frisco, 'Frisco
Hey, you know L.A. up in this
Pasadena, where you at?
Yeah, Inglewood, Inglewood always up to no good
Even Hollywood trying to get a piece, baby
Sacramento, Sacramento, where you at? Yeah
Throw it up, y'all, throw it up, throw it up, I can't see you

(California love)
Change, shit
I guess change is good for any of us
Whatever it take for any of y'all niggaz to get up out the hood
Shit, I'm wit cha, I ain't mad at cha
Got nuttin but love for ya, do your thing boy

Yeah, all the homies that I ain't talk to in a while
I'ma send this one out for y'all, nahmean?
'Cause I ain't mad at cha
Heard y'all tearin up shit out there, kickin up dust
(Danny Boy) I ain't...
Givin' a motherfuck, heheheheheh
Yeah, niggaz
(Danny Boy) ...mad at cha
'Cause I ain't mad at cha

Verse One: 2Pac

Now we was once two niggaz of the same kind
Quick to holla at a hoochie with the same line
You was just a little smaller but you still roll
Got stretched to Y.A. and hit the hood swoll
Member when you had a jheri curl didn't quite learn
On the block, witcha glock, trippin' off sherm
Collect calls to the tip, sayin' how ya changed
Oh you a Muslim now, no more dope game
Heard you might be comin' home, just got bail
Wanna go to the mosque, don't wanna chase tail
It seems I lost my little homie he's a changed man
Hit the pen and now no sinnin is the game plan
When I talk about money all you see is the struggle
When I tell you I'm livin' large you tell me it's trouble
Congratulation on the weddin, I hope your wife know
She got a playa for life, and that's no bullshitin
I know we grew apart, you probably don't remember
I used to fiend for your sister, but never went up in her
And I can see us after school, we'd BOMB
On the first motherfucker with the wrong shit on
Now the whole shit's changed, and we don't even kick it
Got a big money scheme, and you ain't even with it
Hmm, knew in my heart you was the same motherfucker that'd
Go toe to toe when it's time to roll, you got a brother's back
And I can't even trip, 'cause I'm just laughin' at cha
You tryin' hard to maintain, then go head
'Cause I ain't mad at cha
(Hmm, I ain't mad at cha)

Chorus: Danny Boy

I ain't, mad, at cha (2Pac: I ain't mad at cha)
I ain't, mad, at cha

Verse Two: 2Pac

We used to be like distant cousins, fightin, playin' dozens
Whole neighborhood buzzin, knowin', that we wasn't
Used to catch us on the roof or behind the stairs
I'm gettin' blitzed and I reminsce on all the times we shared
Besides bumpin 'n' grindin wasn't nothin' on our mind
In time we learned to live a life of crime
Rewind us back, to a time was much too young to know
I caught a felony lovin' the way the guns blow
And even though we separated, you said that you'd wait
Don't give nobody no coochie while I be locked up state
I kiss my Mama goodbye, and wipe the tears from her lonely eyes
Said I'll return but I gotta fight the fate's arrived
Don't shed a tear, cause Mama I ain't happy here
I'm through trial, no more smiles, for a couple years
They got me goin' mad, I'm knockin' busters on they backs
In my cell, thinkin', "Hell, I know one day I'll be back"
As soon as I touch down
I told my girl I'll be there, so prepare, to get fucked down
The homies wanna kick it, but I'm just laughin' at cha
Cause youse a down ass bitch, and I ain't mad at cha

Chorus: Danny Boy

I ain't, mad, at cha (2Pac: I ain't mad at cha)
I ain't, mad, at cha (2Pac: A true down ass bitch, and I ain't mad at cha)

Verse Three: 2Pac

Well guess who's movin up, this nigga's ballin now
Bitches be callin to get it, hookers keep fallin' down
He went from nuttin to lots, ten carots to rock
Went from a nobody nigga to the big, man on the block
He's Mister local celebrity, addicted to move a key
Most hated by enemy, escape in the Luxury
See, first you was our nigga but you made it, so the choice is made
Now we gotta slay you why you faded, in the younger days
So full of pain while the weapons blaze
Gettin' so high off that bomb hopin we make it, to the better days
Cause crime pays, and in time, you'll find a rhyme'll blaze
You'll feel the fire from the niggaz in my younger days
So many changed on me, so many tried to plot
That I keep a glock beside my head, when will it stop?
Till God return me to my essence
Cause even as a adolescents, I refuse to be a convalescent
So many questions, and they ask me if I'm still down
I moved up out of the ghetto, so I ain't real now?
They got so much to say, but I'm just laughin' at cha
You niggaz just don't know, but I ain't mad at cha

Chorus: Danny Boy
Iiiiiiiii,
I ain't, mad at cha (2Pac: and I ain't mad at cha)
Iiiiiiiii ain't mad (2Pac: hell nah I ain't mad at cha) at cha
I ain't, mad at cha (2Pac: and I ain't mad at cha)
I ain't, mad at cha (2Pac: I ain't mad at cha)
I ain't, mad at cha, no
I ain't mad at chaaaaahhhhhhhhmm
What'z ya phone number
Now I could make miracles with pimp hoes.
It's instrumental.
Waitin for the nyphos.
That's the intro.
Shook when ya rush me.
Walked up and touched me.
Why? Do you want to fuck me?
Just 'cause I'm paid in the worst way? True.
Lookin' kind a good in your birthday suit.
I wonder if your wild and ya act shy.
Do you like to be on top or the back side?
Watch me while you lick your lips, shake your hips.
Goddamn, I love that shit.
Yo, let's stop fakin and be real now.
I got a room and a hard on. Still down?
Met ya standin at a bar full of black dudes.
Said ya wanna see my scars and my tatooes.
When we head for my hideout, act right.
Boss playa when I ride out, that's right.
What'z ya phone number?

If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready.
Baby, let me give you a call.
How long will it take to break you off?
(Repeat once more)

Oh shit, baby is a dime piece.
Wanted this fine seat.
Personally rushed (???)
If I see ya right.
Now she can get me hard
Didn't wanna talk to me, till she see my car.
Never had sex with a rich rap star
Till I got her in the back of my homeboy's car.
Tell me, why do we live this way?
Money over bitches.
Let me hear you say:
What'z your phone number?
Are you alone?
Got a pocket full of rubbers, let's bone.
Time for your girlfriend to take you home.
I had fun,
But baby, gotta leave me alone.
Picture in my rhyme.
Take time to rewind these (???) words I say.
If you open your mind,
Bet in a minute you'll find it's time.
Let the Outlaws play.
What'z ya phone number.

Chorus repeats 2X

(Girl and Tupac converse)
G:Hello?
2:Hello? who is this?
G:Is this Tupac?
2:This is who?
G:Is this Tupac?
2:Yeah, it's Tupac. Who this?
G:Hi baby. How are you?
2:I'm aiight. What'z up baby?
G:You don't recognize the voice?
2:You recognize my voice, huh?
G:Do you recognize MY voice?
2:Nah, I know you?
G:Yeah, you know me. I guess you don't recognize me when I'm talkin'.
2:Where I know you from? Where I know you from?
G:You just know me, baby.
2:Where? Talk up I can't barely hear you.
G:You know me from when we were, you know, intimate.
2:Ooh, we fucked?
G:Oh baby, did we ever.
2:Oh, tell me about it baby.
G:I remember when I put that big dick in my hand and
Stroked it up and down.
G:Then I put it in my mouth. I fucked it.
2:Ooh, you did.
G:Ooh, I did.
2:Shit!
G:Fucked it and fucked it. Put me in. You came.
2:Did I come?
G:Ooh, baby: everywhere, everywhere. You don't remember me yet?
2:I'm starting to get a picture. Why don't you help me out.
What did I do to the pussy? What a nigga do to the pussy?
G:You rocked it.
2:Did I?
G:Yeah, you did.
2:Did I do some of that Thug Passion?
G:Mmmmmm
2:Heh, heh. Eh, so what cha doin' right now, though?
G:Me and my finger are gettin' acquainted.
2:How many you got?
G:I got ten. But only one is workin.
2:Oh, well can I come over there?
G:If you want to.
2:Do I want to? Do a bear shit in the woods and
Wipe his ass with a rabbit.
G:Mmm. You gon rock it baby?
2:Hell yeah, I'm gon rock it baby.
G:Like you did before?
2:No dizoubt. You gon feel that Thug Passion for real.
G:Mmmm, baby.
2:I'm on my way though. I'm about to fly over there in a 500.
It ain't gon take but a minute. Eh, light the candles.
Get the baby oil out. Turn all the lights out. Drink a little
Bit of that shit. I'm on my way babe. I'm gon knock that pussy
To the next week.
G:Knock it out, baby, knock it out.
2:I'm gon knock the taste out yo mouth, girl. I'm gon put your legs on
Your head. I'm a tie you up, blindfold you. And we gon play which hole
Feel the best.
G:You know which hole feel the best.
2:We fin to see tonight, though.
G:I'm gon make you remember me.
2:Oh, yeah.
G:Yeah.
2:Oh yeah, you got my dick hard. I can't find the steering shift you got me
So fucked up. I'm playin' with myself and shit.
G:Can I shift your gear?












(Thug Life bitch, goin' out like that)
Once again! Hahaha!
Once again! Hahaha!
(Thug Life bitch)
(2Pac) Y'all can't kill me!
(Goin' out like that)
(2Pac) Y'all can't kill me! *lower pitch*
(2Pac) Y'all can't kill me! *lower pitch*
(2Pac) Open fire on you niggaz
(Thug Life bitch)
(2Pac) Y'all can't kill me! Hahahaha
(Goin' out like that)
Once again! Hahaha!
Once again! Hahaha!
(Thug Life bitch, goin' out like that)
(2Pac) Open fire on you niggaz *lower pitch*
(2Pac) Y'all can't kill me! *lower pitch*
Once again! Hahaha!
(Thug Life bitch, goin' out like that)
(Thug Life bitch, goin' out like that)
(2Pac) Y'all can't kill me!
Once again! Hahaha!
(2Pac) Open fire on you niggaz *lower pitch* (repeats in background)
Once again! Hahaha!
(2Pac) Y'all can't kill me!

(2Pac) Y'all can't kill me! Hahahaha
(2Pac) Y'all can't kill me! *lower pitch*
(Thug Life bitch, goin' out like that)
"All right now, here we go"

Tell me, how many real motherfuckers feel me? I smoke a blunt
And freak the funk until these jealous motherfuckers kill me
I'm out the gutter, pick a hero
I'm 165 and staying high till I die, my competion's zero
'Cause I could give a fuck about you, better duck
Or I'll be forced to hit yo ass up I give a fuck
I'm sick inside my mind, why you sweatin me?
It's gonna take an army full of crooked ass cops to come and get me
Niggaz know I ain't the one to sleep on, I'm under pressure
Gotta sleep with my piece, an extra clip beside my dresser
Word to God I've been ready to die since I was born
I don't want no shit but niggaz trip and yo it's on
Open fire on my adversaries, don't even worry
Better have on a vest aim for the chest and then you buried
It's a man's world, niggaz get played, another stray
Hope I live to see another day, hey
I'm getting sweated by these undercovers, who can I trust?
Got my mama stressin thinkin' it's a drug bust
Gotta get paid but all the drama that's attached
We living a Drug Life, Thug Life, each day could be my last
Will I blast when it's time to shoot? Don't even ask
That's the consequences when ya livin', fast
Six bricks of tricks, for my niggaz, I gotta come up
And recoup, you keep the dope just bring me six figures
Is it a bust? I hear the sirens, run for cover
Over the fence and open fire

"All right now, here we go"

These motherfuckers on my ass I'm in traffic, will it be tragic?
I'm comin' round the corner like I'm Magic
Doin' ninety on the freeway, and hittin switches
In a high speed chase with these punk bitches
Don't turn around I ain't givin' up, 'cause they don't worry me
Pussy ass bitches better bury me
Runnin' outta gas time to park it, I'm on foot
We in the hood, how the fuck they gon catch a crook? Haha
I got away 'cause I'm clever
Went to my neighbors for a favor now you know players stick together
I watch the scene from the rooftop, spittin' loogies
At the coppers that pursue me, beotch!
I be a hustler till it's over, motherfucker
Open fire on you bustas

"All right now, here we go"

Don't try to follow me, I'm headed outta state
I gotta pay my fuckin' bills, so I'm transportin weight
Change my plates, pick up my nigga, and now we rollin'
Droppin' keys like they stolen, hehe
Tell me who do you fear? I'm outta town until the coast is clear
Enough dope to last a year
They got me running from the police, nowhere to go
With the lights out, rollin' down a dirt road
But I ain't goin' alive, I'd rather die than be a convict
I'd rather fire on my target
I hit the corner doing ninety, ah shit!
Them bitches right behind me
They take a shot and hit my fuckin' tires
Now, jump out the car then I open fire, sucka!

Hahahaha, Thug Life!

Major! Hell motherfuckin yeah
This one goes out to my nigga Mike Coolin, hell yeah
Mama raised a hellrazor...

Born thuggin'
Heartless and mean, muggin at sixteen
On the scene watchin fiends buggin
Kickin up dust with the older G's
Soakin up the game that was told to me
I ain't never touched a gat that I couldn't shoot, I learned
Not to trust the bitch from the prostitutes, was taught lessons
A young nigga askin questions while other suckers was guessin
I was ganked for sexin
Elementary wasn't meant for me, can't regret it
I'm headed for the penitentiary, I'm cuttin' class
And I'm buckin blastin, straight mashin
Mobbin through the overpass laughin'
While these other motherfuckers try to figure out, no doubt
They jealous of a nigga's clout, tell me Lord
Can ya feel me? I keep my finger in the trigger
Cause some nigga tried to kill me
And mama raised a hellraizor, everyday gettin' paid
Police on my pager, straight stressin
A fugitive my occupation is under question
Wanted for investigation, and even though
I'm marked for death, I'ma spark till I lose my breath
Motherfuckers, every time I see the paper
I see my picture, when a nigga's gettin' richer
They come to get ya, it's like a motherfuckin trap
And they wonder why it's hard bein black
Dear Lord can ya feel me, gettin' major, unhh

Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin' major
Lord be my savior, unnh
Mama raised a hellrazor
Dear Lord can ya feel me
Stress gettin' major, unnh
Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin' major

Tell me Lord can ya feel me, show a sign
Damn near running outta time, everybody's dyin'
Mama raised a hellrazor, can't figure
Why you let the police beat down niggaz
I'm startin to think all the rich in the world is safe
While the po' babies restin in the early graves
God come save the youth
Ain't nothin' else to do but have faith in you
Dear Lord I live the life of a Thug, hope you understand
Forgive me for my mistakes, I gotta play my hand
And my hand's on the sixteen-shot, semi-automatic
Crooked cop killin' Glock, tell me Lord
Can ya feel me? Show a way
I'm prayin' but my enemies won't go away
And everywhere I turn I see niggaz burn
Every nigga that I know's on death row
My younger homie's seventeen and he paid a price
Little young motherfucker doin' triple life
Though I tell him in his letters, it's gettin' better
If my nigga knew the truth he'd hit the roof
Just heard ya baby's mama was smoked out, fuck the drama
Wanna break my Loc out, smokin' blunts
Gettin' drunk off that Tanqueray gin
Bout to break my nigga out the fuckin' pen
Mama raised a hellrazor, uh, yeah
C'mon, uh, mama raised a hellrazor
Uh, dear Lord can ya feel me, stress gettin' major
(Lord be my savior, unnh)

Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin' major
Lord be my savior, unhh
Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin' major
Lord be my savior, unhh
Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin' major

Dear Lord can ya hear me, it's just me
A young nigga tryin' to make it on these rough streets
I'm on my knees beggin please come and SAVE ME
THE WHOLE WORLD done made a nigga crazy!
I got my three-five-seven can't control it
Screamin die motherfucker and he's loaded
Everybody run for cover, I cause shit
Thug Life motherfucker, duck quick
Now am I wrong if I am don't worry me
Cause do or die gettin' high till they bury me
Dear Lord if ya hear me, tell me why
Little girl like LaTasha, had to die
She never got to see the bullet, just heard the shot
Her little body couldn't take it, it shook and dropped
And when I saw it on the news I see busta girl killin' 'Tasha
Now I'm screamin fuck the world, in the end
It's my friends, that flip-flop
Lip-locked on my dick when my shit drop
Thug Life motherfucker I lick shots
Every nigga on my block dropped two cops
Dear Lord can ya hear me, when I die
Let a nigga be strapped, fucked up, and high
With my hands on the trigger, Thug nigga
Stressin like a motherfuckin drug dealer
And even in the darkest nights, I'm a Thug for Life
I got the heart to fight now
Mama raised a hellraiser why cry
That's just life in the ghetto, do or die
Fuck 2Pac that nigga ain't shit
That nigga ain't from muhfuckin' New York
That nigga be out there with them Cali niggas
Yo nigga man fuck Pac that nigga West Coast
That fucker that always with them New York niggas
Seen them with that nigga man that nigga ain't from the West Coast
Man fuck Pac fuck that nigga that nigga ain't really down
Rapin' ass nigga I didn't do it fuck it with that nigga
Fuck that nigga man fuck that nigga let that nigga go to jail right
And fuck that nigga fuck that nigga fuck you too nigga

2Pac (overlapping)
I'm in this muthafucka
I guess these muthafuckas tryin' to take me out the business right
I guess I ain't East Coast enough for my niggas back in New York
And I ain't West Coast for these niggas on the West huh?
Fuck e'rybody

Thug style out this muthafucka niggas throw ya hands in the air
If you got Jeep make ya speakers pop
I want muthafucking police trying to pull niggas over on this one
We taking this one to the whole 'nother level gutter style Thug style
You feel me, things that we can only do as a real G
We ain't dead yet, hit me!


I got my Hennessy find ya foes
In a room full of niggas tryin' to hide ya hoes
I'm getting high off buddha
'Cause the times be slow
I keep my mind on dough
You never find me broke
And who meee a nigga livin' life like a G
In that artillery keepin' niggas off of me
I can't sleep living in these wicked times
Peep, niggas after me 'cause they see I'm stacking G's and heat
You can holler if you want to pleeease
I ain't runnin' with no punk crew bleeeed
Enemies and my range is on
You're in the danger zone
My fuckin' game is strong, Hotline
You suckas better find ya mind I got mine
From hustling and busting them rhymes
To my niggas up in Quentin
Down on Riker's Isle stay rile
But a nigga gotta use his styles
These,


Niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile juvenile
Was a problem child
Try to put me in the courts
But my force was wild
Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style
These,
Niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile juvenile
Was a problem child
Try to put me in the courts
But my force was wild
Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style


I could be wrong but I never got along with cops
It's like they stuck
From making niggas duck from Glocks all the time
My mind's full of thoughts of ends
I'm still rolling my bucket but I bought me a Benz (tadow)
My fake friends say they love me but I know they lie
Cause in the dark see they hearts' full of homicide
My mama cried when they took me off to jail
Only me inside the cell
Straight locked up in this hell
I hear some sucka screaming like the demon's inside
Will 'em away in the morning
Only the strong survive
I cry but in my own way
Swallow my pride pick a reason to hide
From all the niggas that die (Rest in Peace)
Cemetery full of brothers I buried
It's going down even now I wonder
Will I still be around my hometown is the gutter
I was born a wild came up out this dust
With my heartless style
These,


Niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile juvenile
Was a problem child
Try to put me in the courts
But my force was wild
Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style
These,
Niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile juvenile
Was a problem child
Try to put me in the courts
But my force was wild
Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style


I remember Uptown huh got to get to listenin'
To Mr. Magic cuttin' up the hits
And even though I had habit makin' words rhyme
I was caught up in the madness
Juvenile thugs come on
I tell the whole story nothin' but truth
Halloween throwin' eggs from the project roofs
And Pete and Lee young G's
With a gift of gab and tryin' to hook up with the hookers
Who was quick to stab remember mama's cooking
No school straight hookin'
And tryin' to get with light skinned
'Cause she good looking
And jumpin' over turnstiles 'cause we ain't paying
Call the cuties cuss words but we only playing (biotch)
I'm prayin' I can get a buck no luck
I had to move around a lot
'Cause my moms was stuck
I had family but I was way too wild
Had to move to the West to regain my style
These,

Chorus till end with ad libs
Power... pow... power...

Guess who's back? Hahaha, here we go
It's ninety-fo', what's next?

Power... enter my world

I guess this year gonna be a motherfucker for real niggaz
I swear these playa haters done got a taste of power
It ain't all good in the hood
Least not on my side, from where I stand
And the law? Man, fuck the law!
Niggaz must outthink, outstep, and continuously outsmart
The motherfuckin law, in every way
Key word in ninety-four is 'down low'
Gots to be struggling
I see how the rich got theirs
Nigga I'm legit, shit
Where do we go from here?
(Who's afraid, of the punk police?
To my niggaz run the streets, fuck peace) -- repeat in background
Hey niggaz, where your heart at?
See motherfuckers killin' babies, killin' mommas
Killin' kids, puttin' this in they motherfuckin mark
Now what type of mixed up trick would kill the future of our race
Before he would he look his enemy dead in the eye, and open fire?
These crazy motherfuckers got toys with guns
Jails for guns, but still, no god damn jobs
And they wonder why we loc'n up
Where do we go from here?
Where do we go?
*Singers singing variations of 'Where do we go from here'*
All you niggaz out there
The clouds shook, the world listened
We stood together in April of ninety-two
With duty, and a sense of honor
There is no limit to what WE can achieve
That's all on us... us...
Not my niggaz, not the whites, not the enemies
Or none of them motherfuckers, US
What can WE do? Shit
I declare a death sentence to all child molestors
Fake-ass bitches, male and female
And all you punk-ass snitches
We can do without your asshole
Let no man break, what we set
Where do we go from here?

Rest in peace, to Cato, I miss you
All the other real G's that passed away in ninety-three
In ninety-four, and more
What do we do? For us?
Chorus: I wonder if heaven got a ghetto (4X)

I was raised, the little young nigga doin' bad shit
Talk much shit 'cause I never had shit
I could remember being whupped in class
And if I didn't pass mama whupped my ass
Was it my fault papa didn't plan it out
Broke out left me to be the man of the house
I couldn't take it, had to make a profit
Down the block, got a glock, and I clock grip
Makin' G's was my mission
Movin enough of this shit to get my mama out the kitchen and
Why must I sock a fella, just to live large like Rockefeller
First you didn't give a fuck, but you're learnin now
If you don't respect the town then we'll burn you down
God damn it's a motherfuckin riot
Black people only hate police so don't try it
If you're not from the town then don't pass through
Cause some O.G. fools might blast you
It ain't right but it's long overdue
We can't have peace till the niggaz get a piece too
I want G's so you label me a criminal
And if I die, I wonder if heaven got a ghetto


Verse Two: 2Pac

Here on Earth, tell me what's a black life worth
A bottle of juice is no excuse, the truth hurts
And even when you take the shit
Move counties get a lawyer you can shake the shit
Ask Rodney, LaTasha, and many more
It's been goin' on for years, there's plenty more
When they ask me, when will the violence cease?
When your troops stop shootin niggaz down in the street
Niggaz had enough time to make a difference
Bear witness, own our own business
Word to God 'cause it's hard tryin' to make ends meet
First we couldn't afford shit now everything's free
So we loot, please don't shoot when you see
I'm takin' from them, cause for years they would take it from me
Now the tables have turned around
You didn't listen, until the niggaz burned it down
And now Bush can't stop the hit
Predicted the shit, in 2Pacalypse
And for once I was down with niggaz, felt good
In the hood bein around the niggaz, yeah
And for the first time everybody let go
And the streets is death row, I wonder if heaven got a ghetto


Verse Three: 2Pac

I see no changes, all I see is racist faces
Misplaced hate makes disgrace to races
We under I wonder what it take to make this
One better place, let's erase the wait state
Take the evil out the people they'll be acting right
Cause both black and white are smokin' crack tonight
And only time we deal is when we kill each other
It takes skill to be real, time to heal each other
And though it seems heaven-sent
We ain't ready, to have a black President, huh
It ain't a secret don't conceal the fact
The penitentiary's packed, and it's filled with blacks
I wake up in the morning and I ask myself
Is life worth living should I blast myself
I'm tired of being poor and even worse I'm black
My stomach hurts so I'm lookin' for a purse to snatch
Cops give a damn about a ne-gro
Pull a trigger kill a nigger he's a hero
Mo' nigga mo' nigga mo' niggaz
I'd rather be dead than a po' nigga
Let the Lord judge the criminals
If I die, I wonder if heaven got a ghetto

Chorus (to :27 from fade)

Just think, if niggaz decide to retaliate
(Soldier in the house)
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto (4X to fade)
The only way to change me is maybe blow my brains out 
Stuck in the middle of the game to get the pain out 
Pray to my God everyday but he don't listen 
The poverty bothers me but mama's working wonders in the kitchen 
Listen I can hear her crying in the bedroom 
Praying for money we never think would she be dead soon 
Am I wrong for wishing I was somewhere else 
At 13 can't feed myself 
Can I blame daddy 'cause he left me 
Wish he would've helped me 
Too much like him 'til my mama don't love me 
On my own at a early age gettin' paid 
And I'm strapped so I'll never be afraid 
Where did I go astray I'm hanging in the back streets 
Running with G's and dope fiends will they jack me? 
Can't turn back my eyes on the prize 
I got nothing to lose 
Everybody gotta die 
Say good-bye to the bad guy 
That one you fucked when you passed by 
Buck buck (gunshots) from a Glock 
Tempered glass fly 
Do or Die walk a mile in my shoes 
And you'd be crazy too 
With nothing to lose 

I got nothing to lose (That's why I got gang related) 
Got nothing to lose
Got nothing to lose
Got nothing to lose
Got nothing to lose
Got nothing to lose
Nothing to lose 

I thank the Lord for my many blessings 
Though I'm stressin' keep a vest for protection 
From the barrel of the Smith & Wesson 
And all my niggas in the pen' 
Here we go again 
Ain't nothing separating us from a mack 10 
Born in the ghetto as a hustla' older 
Straight soldier bucking at them bustas 
No matter how you try niggas never die 
We just retaliate with hate then we multiply 
See me striking down the block hittin' co'ners 
Mobbin' like a motherfucka' livin' like I want to 
Ain't no stoppin' at the red lights I'm sideways 
Thug Life muthafucka criiime pays 
Let the cops put they lights on 
Chase me nigga 
Zig-zaggin' through the freeway 
Race me nigga 
In a high speed chase with the law 
The realest muthafucka that you ever saw 
I'm livin' raw 'til they bury me don't worry me 
I'm high livin' like I ain't afraid to die 
And you could walk a mile in my shoes 
And you'd be crazy too 

I got nothing to lose (That's why I got gang related) 
Got nothing to lose
Got nothing to lose
Got nothing to lose
Got nothing to lose
Got nothing to lose
Nothing to lose 

Ain't no escape from a deadly fate 
And everyday there's a million black bodies put away 
I'm startin' to lose hope 
It seems everybody's on dope 
Mama told me to leave 'cause she was broke 
Sometimes I choke on the indo 
Peepin' out the window alone on my own 
I'm a criminal 
Got no love from the household I'm out cold 
In the streets give me motherfuckin' peace 
I got nothing to lose 
And something to prove 
What do I do live Thug Life nigga stay true 
I wonder when they kill me 
Is there a Heaven for a real G 
Lord forgive me if you feel me 
'Cause all my life I was dirt broke 
With no hope lil' skinny muthafucka wantin' dough 
I hated cutting suckers with my razor blade 
But everyday it's a struggle to get major paid 
Anyway it's so hard on a nigga in this city 
No pity and ain't no love for the scrubs that be buyin' time 
If you could walk a mile in my shoes you'd be crazy too 
With nothing to lose 

I got nothing to lose (That's why I got gang related) 
Got nothing to lose
Got nothing to lose
Got nothing to lose
Got nothing to lose
Got nothing to lose
Nothing to lose 

It was a what type nigga be a Thug Life nigga 
We be the craziest, motherfucka'!
You know! 
It was a what type nigga be a Thug Life nigga 
We be the craziest!
Get money nigga
Yeah - aw yeah
Dedicate this one to all the hustlers
That get up every motherfuckin mornin and put they work in
I see you - I see you boy

I'm up before sunrise first to hit the block
Lil' bad motherfucker with a pocket full of rocks
Learned to throw them thangs, get my skinny lil' ass kicked
Niggaz laughed, till the first motherfucker got blas-ted
I put the nigga in his casket
And now they covering the bastard in plastic
I smoke blunts on the regular fuck when it counts
Tryin' to make a million dollars out a quarter ounce
Gettin' ghost on the five-oh, fuck them hoes
Got a forty-five screamin out surviv-al
Hey nigga can I lay low, cook some ya-yo
And holla five-oj when I say so
Don't wanna go to the pen, I'm hittin fences
NARC's on a nigga back missin' me by inches
And they say how do you survive, weighin one-fifty-five
In the city where the little niggaz die
Tell mama don't cry, cause even if they kill me
They can never take the life of a real G

I'm gettin' money (4x)

Still on parole and I'm the first nigga servin'
Pour some liquor on the curb, for my homies that deserve it
If I wanna make a million, gotta stay dealin'
Kinda boomin round the way, think today I make a killin'
Dressin down like I'm dirty, but only on the block
Just a clever disguise, to keep me runnin' from the cops
Gettin' high I think I'll die if I don't get no ends
I'm in a bucket but I'm ridin' it like it's a Benz
I hit the strip I let my music buck
Drinkin' liquor and I'm lookin' for a bitch to fuck
Rather die makin' money, than live poor and legal
As I slang another ounce, I wish it was a kilo
I need money in a major way
Time to fuck my girl, she gettin' paid today, ha hah ha
I live Thug Life and let the money come to me
'Cause they can never take the game from a young G

I'm gettin' money (4X)

Damned if I don't, and damned if a nigga do
Now watch a young motherfucker pull the trigger too
RAISE UP, and don't let them see ya cry
Dry your eyes, young nigga time for do or die
I pack a pistol in my pocket, ready on my Glock
Ain't no time for a nigga to even cock shit
I done seen a motherfucker peep pain
At point blank range 'cause he slept on the game
Ain't a damn thing changed, they shakin the dice
Now roll 'em if you can't stand pain better hold em
Cause ain't no tellin' what ya might roll
You might fold catch AIDS from a slight cold
You better live ya life to the fullest
Be quick to kill a bull got a pistol motherfucker better pull it
And even if they kill me
They can never take the life of a young G

I'm gettin' money (5X)
(If she didn't want to fuck then she never would've called you)
Yeah I dedicate this to my nigga Mike Tyson.
It's all good.

You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches

Jack of all trades ballin' like Jordan you punk
Fake inside the paint in fact I know you can't
Do half of the shit that you was claimin' in the county
Suckas on yo jock you claim you run the block
Polyurethane busta' cracked in half
You claim you folding bank but I know yo bank stank
I lived around the corner I seen you fully smoked
Must I say some more you weighed a buck 04
You sold ya TV for a buck cause it was way too late
Now they sent you upstate and you done gained some weight
You's a baller lying to them youngsta's quick
Got them thinking you sick and representing yo click
But you's an old base head kickin' too much hype
Yo bicentennial pipe it got rally stripes
And if they knew yo identity
You'd probably be the victim of a sticking (ugh ugh)
You ain't got to lie to kick it.

You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches

You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches

You ain't got to lie to kick it
Y'all don't hear me
I got these niggas yackin' in my face
About some shit that never took place
And what you see is what you get
That's what he told me
I peeped it in his pose
Exposed the fucking phony
I'm gettin' richer so they claim to be my homie
With them bitches they be freaky
They don't know me
Hey it's gettin' drastic
Gunnin' niggas down 'cause they plastic
Sleep on a G and get that ass kicked
And stuffed in a casket
Rippin' the shit like it's my motherfucking last hit
Hey they wonder why a nigga's nothin' nice
And every time I bust a nut I fuck for Tyson
'Cause I know the real on the bitch
She got to skit ya just to get a nigga's riches (fuck that bitch)
I pray to God that the bitch don't get no dick
And got a nigga screamin' fuck that bitch!

You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches

Well if a bitch'll be a bitch
Then a trick'll be a trick
I've got my nigga Richie Rich and we be all up in the mix
This is Thug Life baby rollin' hoes like Vogues
Stay the fuck up out of mine
And I'll stay out of yours
It's a Oakland thang and bitch you wouldn't understand
This Tanqueray got me screamin' Fuck yo' man.
But now you beefing on the strength
That you was thinkin' I was jocking
Hey bitch I got no time for hoes I'm steady clockin'
And if it ain't about a buck I gives a fuck
It's raggedy hoes like you that keep a nigga stuck
So what's up with them low life bitches tryin' to play me
Bitch you better see Trojan about yo' baby (Ha ha)
Trickin' niggas better catch up on they pimpin'
Cause bitches love to catch a nigga when they slipping

You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches

You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches
You ain't got to lie to kick it
To them tricks and them bitches
Out to get a nigga's riches

Throw them thangs X3

The quicker the nigga can go on
The faster the nigga can get his dough on
Then I can hit my flow and get my ho on
Them niggas don't know what goes on
They trying to fuck with all they clothes on
Then act up when all the hoes gone
Are you ready for my flow? hit me (Hoo!) X3
Stop fronting motherfucker let them thangs go
I'm quick to kill a nigga any nigga feel me nigga
You can't fade me I'm way to fucking real nigga
2Pacalypse Now still down with the Underground
Niggas get clowned when I come around
Boom boom motherfucker and it don't stop
Fuck a cop pass the glock and it won't stop
If ya ready for my flow hit me (Hoo!) X3
Stop fronting motherfucker let them thangs go
If ya wondering the thunder and the trouble
Is coming from the rebel as I hit ya from the lower level
Hit me once fucking D M and two times
Popping like two nines hitting 'em with new rhymes
I can make you love me
Best to chill with the nigga 'cause ya sure can't punch me
If ya feel me let me hear ya say (Rock that shit) X3
'Cause ain't a nigga alive that can stop the hit

(Spice1)
Hey, hold on young 'Pac
Motherfuckers ain't riding no hookers out here
Punk motherfuckers think the town
Ain't got handle bars on and shit
And ya lie to get slapped behind here
With a motherfucking motor, punk sissy
(2Pac)
Tell them motherfucking square ass niggas
Check this out
Y'all fonna come up off those motherfucking thangs
'Cause I ain't fonna be up in sweating for nothing
Ya little punk square nigga

I'm quick to spit the shit get ya open
Straight outta Oakland
Fuck the law get ya jaw broken
Ba ba ba bang bang nigga it's a stick up dee
Turn the kick up I'm ready to rip the shit up G
They got me hype hype hyper, am I hype enough?
Pass the blunt motherfucker let me light shit up
And pump ya fist like this
'Cause the cops can't flip on a whole damn clique
So suck dick
What they hitting 'fo? Double up nigga it's on
The type of nigga that likes to bone with the lights on
If ya ready for a nigga hit me (Hoo!) X3
Stop fronting motherfucker let them thangs go
Yes some of you niggas are bitches too
Little square motherfuckers trying to get to who?
Pop pop never made it to ya punk ass clique
Talk shit now ya gotta get ya punk ass whipped
For the bitches that be trying to work a nigga
For the tramps that be trying to jerk a nigga
For the rollers that be trying to urk a nigga
I'ma hustle and you punks can't hurt me nigga
If ya ready for a nigga hit me (Hoo!) X3
Stop fronting motherfucker let them thangs go
Uh, uh, yeah
Let them thangs go
Nobody's, closing me out of my business (repeat 2X)
(2Pac) My definition of a thug nigga
Nobody's, closing me out of my business

Verse One: 2Pac

I played the cards I was given, thank God I'm still livin'
Pack my nine till it's time to go to prison
As I'm bailin down the block that I come from, still gotta pack a gun
Case some young motherfuckers wanna play dumb
I guess I live life forever jugglin
But I'll be hustlin till the early mornin 'cause I'm strugglin
Like drinkin' liquor make the money come quicker
Gettin' pages from my bitch it's time to dick her
I ain't in love with her, I just wanna be the one to hit her
Drop off and let the next nigga get her
That's the way it goes, it's time to shake a hoe, make the dough
Break a hoe when it's time to make some mo'
I keep my finger on the trigger of my Glock
Ridin' down the block lickin' shots at the punk-ass *cops*
And spittin' game through my mobile phone
The type of shit to get them hoes to bone
My Definition of a Thug Nigga

Chorus: (various samples)

Tis the season, to be servin' What you doin'?
Mob-mobbin like a motherfucker
Tis the season, to be servin'

Verse Two: 2Pac

Well I roll with a crew of zoo niggaz
They're quick to pulle a nine when it's time do niggaz
Comin' through like I'm two niggaz, a true nigga fuck a Zig Zag
Roll me a blunt and pass that brew nigga
I'm drivin' drunk on the freeway, so take it ea-sy
Lookin' for a new face to skeeze me
Everybody's lookin' for a nut but I'm searchin for the big bucks
Give a fuck, rather die than be stuck
In a one-room shack, and, kickin back
Daydreamin with the nine in my lap (huh)
So how's that from the mind of a Thug Nigga
Bought a fo'-five 'cause I heard that the slug's bigger
Figure the first motherfucker to jump'll find hisself
Gettin' swept off his feet by the pump
I put that on my moms, word to the motherfuckin trigger
Before I go broke I'll be a drug dealer, a Thug Nigga


Verse Three: 2Pac

Short than a motherfucker snatched up by one-time
Make a phone call and be back to ball by lunchtime
So here we go, we in the inner city
I keep my hand on my gat and stay cool, my attitude is shitty
Niggaz don't like me 'cause I'm makin' ends
Roll in a Benz and I blaze a blunt, 'cause I'm all in
And any nigga trying to take what I got'll
Hafta deal with the sixteen-shot Glock (huh)
So here we go, I can't be faded
Happy in the motherfucker, finally made it
Got my money in my pocket, finger on the trigger
And I ain't takin' shit from no niggaz
I'm just tryin' to make some money right
Put some motherfuckin food in my tummy right
I'm feelin' good like I'm supposed to, ready to ball
Find a spot and we can serve 'em all
My Definition of a Thug Nigga

Outro: (various samples)

Tis the season, to be servin'
Mobbin like a motherfucker, every single day
(2Pac) My Definition of a Thug Nigga
Tis the season, to be servin'

Nobody's, closing me out of my business
(Continually scratched to near end)
Little somethin' for my godson Elijah and a little girl named Corrine

Verse One:

Some say the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
I say the darker the flesh then the deeper the roots
I give a holler to my sisters on welfare
Tupac cares, if don't nobody else care
And uh, I know they like to beat ya down a lot
When you come around the block brothers clown a lot
But please don't cry, dry your eyes, never let up
Forgive but don't forget, girl keep your head up
And when he tells you you ain't nuttin don't believe him
And if he can't learn to love you you should leave him
Cause sista you don't need him
And I ain't tryin' to gas ya up, I just call 'em how I see em
You know it makes me unhappy (what's that)
When brothas make babies, and leave a young mother to be a pappy
And since we all came from a woman
Got our name from a woman and our game from a woman
I wonder why we take from our women
Why we rape our women, do we hate our women?
I think it's time to kill for our women
Time to heal our women, be real to our women
And if we don't we'll have a race of babies
That will hate the ladies, that make the babies
And since a man can't make one
He has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one
So will the real men get up
I know you're fed up ladies, but keep your head up


Ooh child things are gonna get easier
Ooh child things are gonna get brighter

Ooh child things are gonna get easier
Ooh child things are gonna get brighter

Verse Two:

Aiyyo, I remember Marvin Gaye, used to sing ta me
He had me feelin' like black was tha thing to be
And suddenly tha ghetto didn't seem so tough
And though we had it rough, we always had enough
I huffed and puffed about my curfew and broke the rules
Ran with the local crew, and had a smoke or two
And I realize momma really paid the price
She nearly gave her life, to raise me right
And all I had ta give her was my pipe dream
Of how I'd rock the mic, and make it to tha bright screen
I'm tryin' to make a dollar out of fifteen cents
It's hard to be legit and still pay tha rent
And in the end it seems I'm headin for tha pen
I try and find my friends, but they're blowin' in the wind
Last night my buddy lost his whole family
It's gonna take the man in me to conquer this insanity
It seems tha rain'll never let up
I try to keep my head up, and still keep from gettin' wet up
You know it's funny when it rains and pours
They got money for wars, but can't feed the poor
They say there ain't no hope for the youth and the truth is
There ain't no hope for tha future
And then they wonder why we crazy
I blame my mother, for turning my brother into a crack baby
We ain't meant to survive, 'cause it's a setup
And even though you're fed up
Huh, ya got to keep your head up


Verse Three:

And uh
To all the ladies havin' babies on they own
I know it's kinda rough and you're feelin' all alone
Daddy's long gone and he left you by ya lonesome
Thank the Lord for my kids, even if nobody else want em
'Cause I think we can make it, in fact, I'm sure
And if you fall, stand tall and comeback for more
Cause ain't nuttin worse than when your son
Wants to know why his daddy don't love him no mo'
You can't complain you was dealt this
Hell of a hand without a man, feelin' helpless
Because there's too many things for you to deal with
Dying inside, but outside you're looking fearless
While tears, is rollin' down your cheeks
Ya steady hopin things don't fall down this week
'Cause if it did, you couldn't take it, and don't blame me
I was given this world I didn't make it
And now my son's getten older and older and cold
From havin' the world on his shoulders
While the rich kids is drivin' Benz
I'm still tryin' to hold on to survivin friends
And it's crazy, it seems it'll never let up, but
Please... you got to keep your head up
(Snoop) Up out of there
(Tupac) *chuckles*
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Snoop) Pump that up G
(Tupac) Ah shit, you done fucked up now
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Tupac) You done put two of America's most wanted in
The same motherfuckin place at the same
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Tupac) motherfuckin time, hahahahah
Y'all niggaz about to feel this
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Tupac) Break out the champagne glasses and the
Motherfuckin condoms Have one on us aight?
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party

(2Pac)
Picture perfect, I paint a perfect picture
Bomb the hoochies with precision my intention's to get richer
With the S-N double-O-P, Dogg my fuckin' homey
Youse a cold ass nigga on them hogs

(Snoop)
Sho nuff, I keep my hand on my gun
'Cause they got me on the run
Now I'm back in the courtroom waitin on the outcome
Free Tupac, is all that's on a niggaz mind
But at the same time it seem they tryin' to take mine
So I'ma get smart, and get defensive and shit
And put together a million march, for some gangsta shit

(2Pac)
So now they got us laced
Two multimillionare motherfuckers catchin cases (mmm)
Bitches get ready for the throwdown
The shit's about to go down
Uh, me and Snoop about to clown
I'm Losin My Religion, I'm vicious on these stool pigeons
You might be deep in this game, but you got the rules missin'
Niggaz be actin' like they savage, they out to get the cabbage
I got, nothin' but love, for my niggaz livin' lavish

(Snoop)
I got a pit named P, she niggarino
I got a house out in the hills right next to Chino
And I, think I got a black Beamer
But my dream is to own a fly casino
Like Bugsy Seagel, and do it all legal
And get scooped up, by the little homie in the Regal
Mmm, it feel good to you baby bubba
Ya see, this is for the G's and the keys motherfucker

(2Pac)
Now follow as we riiiiide
Motherfuck the rest, two of the best from the West side
And I can make you famous
Niggaz been dyin' for years, so how could they blame us
I live in fear of a felony
I never stop bailin these, motherfuckin G's
If ya got it better flaunt it, another warrant
2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted

-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Tupac) Nothin' but a gangsta party... Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
-Nothin' but a gangsta party
(Tupac) it ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin gangsta party
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Tupac) Nothin' but a gangsta party it ain't nothin' but a
Motherfuckin gangsta party
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party

(2Pac)
Now give me fifty feet
Defeat is not my destiny, release me to the streets
And keep whatever's left of me
Jealousy is misery, suffering is grief
Better be prepared when you cowards fuck wit me
I bust and flea, these niggaz must be crazy what?
There ain't no mercy motherfuckers who can fade the Thugs
(Hahah right) You thought it was but it wasn't, now disappear
Bow down in the presence of a boss player

(Snoop)
It's like 'cause, blood, gangbangin
Everybody in the party doin' dope slangin
You got to have papers in this world
You might get your first snatch, before your eyes swerl
Ya doing ya job, every day
And then you work so hard till ya hair turn gray
Let me tell you about life, and 'bout the way it is
You see we live by the gun, so we die by the gun's kids

(2Pac)
They tell me not to roll with my glock
So now I gotta throw away
Floatin in the black Benz, tryin' to do a show a day
They wonder how I live, with five shots
Niggaz is hard to kill, on my block
Schemes for currency and doe related
Affiliated with the hustlers, so we made it
No answers to questions, I'm tryin' to get up on it
My nigga Dogg with me, eternally the most wanted

Chorus (w/ variations to end)
Yo Mo Bee main, drop that shit!

Hey! Hey-ayyaahhy

You know what time, boo-yaow
I know it's time for you
So grab one by the hand youknowhatI'msayin
And uh, throw up that finger
Ay yo yo yo throw y'all fingers up!
Thug style baby, Thug style y'know?

Verse One:

Tell me baby are you lonely? Don't wanna rush ya
I can help ya if ya only, let me touch ya
If I'm wrong love tell me, 'cause I get caught up
And the life I live is Hell see, I never thought I'd see
The day when I would calm down, you ain't heard
I've been known to clown and Get Around, that's my word
See you walkin' and you lookin' good, yes indeed
Got a body like a sex fiend, you're killin' me
Witcha attitude to match right, don't be phony
'Cause I hate when you act like, you don't know me
I've be stressin in the spotlight, I want the fame
But the industry's a lot like, a crack game
Ain't no time for commitment, I gotta go
Can't be wit you every minute miss, another show
And even though I'm known for my one night stand
Look here, I wanna be an honest man, but temptations go...

Hey! Hey-ayyaahhy

Throw up the finger!
And all my homies go...
Give them the finger!
Ya know what baby it's like

*Singing*
I know you've been searchin for someone
To make you happy, and get the job done
You say you need it, a man with money
But I can't be there, and will you still care

Verse Two:

Will I cheat or will I be committed, heaven knows
Gettin' weak and I wanna hit it, so here I go
In my ride and I'm all in, gettin' high
I can hear the people callin, I'm passin by
Everybody knows I'm ball-in, and to God
Gotta keep myself from fall-in, but it's hard
All the cuties know I'm under pressure, what do I do
Gettin' shaky when she pull the dress up, and say it's cool
Should I stroke or should I wait a while, you decide
If you tell me that you don't want it, that's a lie
Move close and let me whisper, some dirty words
In your ears as I kiss ya, on every curve
Slow down baby don't rush, I like it slow
Can't hold it any longer, so let it go
Open the gates, do you wanna fall up in heaven
Don't worry, I let myself in, all I heard was...

Hey! Hey-ayyaahhy

Give 'em the finger!
All my homies go...
Throw your fingers up!
That's just the Thug in me girl, you know
Peep out all my homies, y'know, it's like

*Singing*
I know you've been searchin for someone
To make you happy, and get the job done
You say you need it, a man with money
But I can't be there, and will you still care

Verse Three:

A lot of people think it's easy, to settle down
Got a woman that'll please me, in every town
I don't wanna but I gotta do it, the temptation
Got me ready to release the fluid, sensation
Sit down and conversate like you know me, take my hand
Cause even Thugs get lonely, understand
Even the hardest of my homies need attention
Catch you blowin' up the telephone, reminiscin
I wanna take you to the movies, and the park
Let's find a spot for you to do me, in the dark
Now that it's passion, hold me tight
Don't need lights, I can see you by the moonlight
I know your man ain't lovin' you right
You're lonely and depressed you need a Thug in your life
Enough talkin', you want me to leave, I'll get to walkin'
See you later, cause baby I'm a player, and all I heard was

Hey! Hey-ayyaahhy

Give 'em the finger
And all my homies go...
Yo this how we gonna do this in the nine-trey y'know?
Throw your fingers up
Y'know?
They gonna peep this, this how we run game on you

*Singing*
Everybody, hey, all right
Hey, heyyyeah, heyyyay, oh

(2Pac)
All my niggaz go
Uptown in the
Give 'em the finger!
Throw your hands up
Give 'em the finger!
2pac:
Rest in peace to my mothafucka Biggie Smalls
That's right boy, it's goin' on
Right here, Thug Life
God bless the dead

God bless the dead and buried nigga
Don't worry if you see God first tell Him shit got worse
I ain't mad, I know you're representin the crew
And I can picture you in Heaven with a blunt & a brew
Fuck the world, pain was a part of the game
If you a baller, money went as quick as it came
My role models gone or they locked in the pen
Straight hustlas, caught up in the whirlwind
The other day, I thought I seen my homeboy Biggie
Sayin' shit don't stop, nigga, no pity
We all hoods, and all we ever had was dreams
Money makin' mothafuckas plot scandalous schemes
In the gutter, you learn to have a criminal mind
I was addicted to tryin', never meant to do time
My epitaph will read "Was the last of Gs
Kicked the shit to make the white man bleed
God bless the dead"

Chorus - 2pac:
God bless the dead
God bless the dead
God bless the dead

2pac:
Man, ain't nobody promised me a thang
I been caught up in this game
Ever since I was a little motherfucka wantin to hang
I can see 'em in my head, pow
Memories of my nigga but he dead now
Lookin' back in my yearbook all the years took
Half my peers, they're stretched for years
And if I die will they all shed tears
Two to the dome, leave me alone, let me get my head clear
Paranoid got me lookin' in the mirror
Behind me, life without my nine, I'd rather do the time
See I'm old enough to know that ain't no justice
Fuck the police and all the courts same way they fucked us
And why the hell am I locked in jail
They let them white boys free, we be shocked as hell
In my mind I can see it comin'
And all the time it's a plot to keep a nigga runnin'
By keepin' gun and never run unless I'm comin' at ya
Cry later but for now let's enjoy the laughter
God bless the dead


2pac:
Rest in peace to all the motherfuckas that passed too early
All the young motherfuckas that was took in they prime
Real motherfuckin Gz, this one is for you
Yo Stretch, Biggie

Stretch:
Yo Big this is to you my nigga
Springfield Hollis crew, Thug Life, YGz
Sendin they respect, know I mean?
You my nigga for life, forever
You're always gonna be with a nigga
No matter what, don't forget that

I pray before I go to sleep
Dear God save my place before I start to eat, cause times is hard
So I'm covered to my knees, oh why?
Why you had to take my nigga with the rock I buy?
You had to take a good one, a ghetto hood son, uzi weighin a ton
Niggas terrified of comin' from the young gun
Hearin that they did it outta fear don't amaze me
But it's mind blowin', so I'm flowin goin' crazy
Slip for cock the gun but he didn't run like a punk
He shoulda had the gauge in the trunk
For spunk is what he had, kid, I'd ratha attack Big
Now ya bout to smell the aftermath of what the mack did
Wannabe suckers wanna test, I'm tellin' you, yes
The teflon's bout to rip through your fuckin' vest
Guess who? I'll make a mess of your crew quick
The spirit Biggie Smalls and the ??? clique, yeah
God bless the dead
God bless the dead
God bless the dead
God bless the dead

(2Pac) It's just me against the world
(Girl) Ooh, ooh
(2Pac) Nuttin to lose...
It's just me against the world baby
(Girl) Oah, oahhhah
(2Pac) I got nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world
(Girl) Oh-hah
(2Pac) Stuck in the game
Me against the world baby

Verse One: 2Pac

Can you picture my prophecy?
Stress in the city, the cops is hot for me
The projects is full of bullets, the bodies is droppin'
There ain't no stoppin' me
Constantly movin while makin' millions
Witnessin killings, leavin' dead bodies in abandoned buildings
Carries to children 'cause they're illin
Addicted to killin' and the appeal from the cap peelin
Without feelin', but will they last or be blasted?
Hard headed bastard
Maybe he'll listen in his casket -- the aftermath
More bodies being buried -- I'm losing my homies in a hurry
They're relocating to the cemetery
Got me worried, stressin, my vision's blurried
The question is will I live? No one in the world loves me
I'm headed for danger, don't trust strangers
Put one in the chamber whenever I'm feelin' this anger
Don't wanna make excuses, cause this is how it is
What's the use unless we're shootin no one notices the youth
It's just me against the world baby

(Girl) Me against the world
(2Pac) It's just me against the world
(Girl) Ooh yeah, ooh-hoo
(2Pac) It's just me against the world
(Girl) Me against the world
(2Pac) 'Cause it's just me against the world baby
(Girl) Hey!
(2Pac) Me against the world
(Girl) Ooh yeah
(2Pac) I got nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world baby
(Girl) I got nothing to lose

Verse Two: Dramacydal

Could somebody help me? I'm out here all by myself
See ladies in stones, Baby Capone's, livin' wealthy
Pictures of my birth on this Earth is what I'm dreamin'
Seein Daddy's semen, full of crooked demons, already crazy
And screamin I guess them nightmares as a child
Had me scared, but left me prepared for a while
Is there another route? For a crooked Outlaw
Veteran, a villain, a young thug, who one day shall fall

Everday there's mo'death, and plus I'm dough-less
I'm seein mo' reasons for me to proceed with thievin
Scheme on the scheming and leave they peeps grieving
Cause ain't no bucks to stack up, my nuts is backed up
I'm bout to act up, go load the Mac up, now watch me klacka
Tried makin' fat cuts, but yo it ain't workin
And Evil's lurking, I can see him smirking
When I gets to pervin, so what?
Go put some work in, and make my mail, makin' sales
Risking 25 with a 'L', but oh well

(Girl) Me against the world
(2Pac) With nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world
(Girl) Ooh yeah... ooh-ooh
(2Pac) It's just me against the world baby
(Girl) Me against the world
(2Pac) I got nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world
(Girl) Oahhhoh
(2Pac) Ha ha
It's just me against the world baby
(Girl) Ha-ah, HA-Ah!
(2Pac) With nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world baby
(Girl) Me against the world, hoah
(2Pac) Me against the world
I got nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world baby
(Girl) Ha-hah (hehe) hey!

Verse Three: 2Pac

With all this extra stressin
The question I wonder is after death, after my last breath
When will I finally get to rest? Through this supression
They punish the people that's askin questions
And those that possess, steal from the ones without possesions
The message I stress: to make it stop study your lessons
Don't settle for less - even the genius asks-es questions
Be grateful for blessings
Don't ever change, keep your essence
The power is in the people and politics we address
Always do your best, don't let the pressure make you panic
And when you get stranded
And things don't go the way you planned it
Dreamin' of riches, in a position of makin' a difference
Politicians and hypocrites, they don't wanna listen
If I'm insane, it's the fame made a brother change
It wasn't nuttin like the game
It's just me against the world

(Girl) Me against the world
(2Pac) Nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world baby
(Girl) Me against the world
(2Pac) Got me stuck in the game
It's just me against the world
(Girl) Oahah
(2Pac) I'd be ashamed to lose
It's just me against the world baby
(Girl) Me against the world

Outro: 2Pac

Heh, hahahahahahah
That's right
I know it seem hard sometimes but uh
Remember one thing
Through every dark night, there's a bright day after that
So no matter how hard it get, stick your chest out
Keep your head up, and handle it

(Girl) Me against the world
Me against the world
Me against the world
How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it, yeah? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

Love the way you activate your hips and push your ass out
Got a nigga wantin' it so bad I'm 'bout to pass out
Wanna dig you and I can't even lie about it
Baby just alleviate your clothes, time to fly up out it

Catch you at a club, oh shit you got me fiendin'
Body talkin' shit to me but I can't comprehend the meaning
Now if you wanna roll with me, then here's your chance
Doin' eighty on the freeway, police catch me if you can

Forgive me I'm a rider, still I'm just a simple man
All I want is money, fuck the fame I'm a simple man
Mr. International, playa with the passport
Just like Aladdin bitch, get you anything you ask for

It's either him or me, champagne, Hennessy
A favorite of my homies when we floss on our enemies
Witness as we creep to a low speed, peep what a hoe need
Puff some mo' weed, funk, ya don't need

Approachin' hoochies with a passion, been a long day
But I've been driven by attraction in a strong way
Your body is bangin' baby, I love it when you flaunt it
Time to give it to daddy nigga now tell me how U want it

How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
I'm livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

Tell me is it cool to fuck?
Did you think I come to talk, am I a fool or what?
Positions on the floor it's like erotic, ironic
'Cause I'm some what psychotic
I'm hittin' switches on bitches like I been fixed with hydraulics

Up and down like a roller coaster, I'm up inside ya
I ain't quittin' till the show is over, 'cause I'mma rider
In and out just like a robbery, I'll probably be a freak
And let you get on top of me, get her rockin' these

Nights full of Aliz&#xE9;, a livin' legend
You ain't heard about these niggaz play these Cali days
Delores Tucker, you'se a motherfucker
Instead of tryin' to help a nigga you destroy a brother

Worse than the others, Bill Clinton, Mr. Bob Dole
You're too old to understand the way the game is told
You're lame so I gotta hit you with the hot facts
Want some on lease? I'm makin' millions, niggaz top that

They wanna censor me, they'd rather see me in a cell
Livin' in hell, only a few of us'll live to tell
Now everybody talkin' 'bout us I could give a fuck
I'd be the first one to bomb and cuss, nigga tell me how U want it

How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
I'm livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

Raised as a youth, tell the truth I got the scoop
On how to get a bulletproof because I jumped from the roof
Before I was a teenager, mobile phone, Sky Pager
Game rules, I'm livin' major, my adversaries

Is lookin' worried, they paranoid of gettin' buried
One of us gon' see the cemetery
My only hope to survive if I wish to stay alive
Gettin' high, see the demons in my eyes, before I die

I wanna live my life and ball, make a couple million
And then I'm chillin' fade 'em all
These taxes got me crossed up and people tryin' to sue me
Media is in my business and they actin' like they know me

Ha ha ha, but I'mma mash out, peel out
I'm with it quick I'se quick to whip that fuckin' steel out
Yeah nigga it's some new shit so better get up on it
When ya see me tell a nigga how ya want it, how do U want it?

How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
I'm livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

How do you want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
Unfortunately, we are not licensed to display the full lyrics for this song at the moment. Hopefully we will be able to in the future. Until then... how about a random page?
(What y'all want?)
Unconditional Love (no doubt)
Talking 'bout the stuff that don't wear off
It don't fade
It'll last for all these crazy days
These crazy nights
Whether you wrong or you right
I'm guna still love you
Still feel you
Still there for you
No matter what (hehe)
You will always be in my heart
With unconditional love

Verse One:

Come listen to my truest thoughts, my truest feelings
All my peers doing years beyond drug dealing
How many caskets can we witness
Before we see it's hard to live this life without God, so we must ask forgiveness
Ask mama why God deserved to die
Witness the tears falling free from my eyes before she could reply
Though we were born without a silver spoon
My broken down TV, show cartoons in my living room (hey)
One day I hope to make it, a player in this game
Mama don't cry, long as we try, maybe things change
Perhaps it's just a fantasy
A life where we don't need no welfare shit with our whole family
Maybe it's me that caused it the fighting and the hurting
In my room crying 'cause I didn't want to be a burden
Watch mama open up her arms to hug me
And I ain't worried 'bout a damn thang, with unconditional love

In this game the lesson's in your eyes to see
Though things change, the future's still inside of me
We must remember that tomorrow comes after the dark
So you will always be in my heart, with unconditional love

Verse Two:

Just got the message you've been calling all week
Been out here hustling on these streets, ain't had a chance to speak
But you know, with you and me it's on G
We could never be enemies, cause you been such a good friend to me
Where would I be without my dogs
No wonder why when times get hard cause it ain't easy being who we are
Driven by my ambitions, desire higher positions
So I proceed to make Gs, eternally in my mission
Is to be more than just a rap musician
The elevation of today's generation if could make 'em listen
Prison ain't what we need, no longer stuck in greed
Time to play and strategize, my family's gotta eat
When we make somethin' out of nothing no pleasure in the suffering
Neighborhood would be good if they could cut out all the busting
The liquor and the weed the cussing sending love out to my block
The struggle never stops (unconditional love)

In this game the lesson's in your eyes to see
Though things change, the future's still inside of me
We must remember that tomorrow comes after the dark
So you will always be in my heart, with unconditional love

Verse Three:

I'll probably never understand ya ways
With everyday I swear I hear ya
Trying to change your ways while gettin' paid at the same time
Just had a baby with the same eyes
Something inside, please let me die these are strange times
How come I never made it
Maybe it's the way the played it in my heart
I knew one day I gotta be a star
My hopes and all my wishes
So many vivid pictures, and all the currency I'll never even get to see
This fast life soon shatter us
Cause after all the lights and screams nothing but my dreams matter
Hoping for better days maybe a peaceful night
Baby don't cry cause everythang gonna be all right
Just lay your head on my shoulder
Don't worry 'bout a thang baby girl I'm a soldier (huh)
Never treated me bad, no matter who I was
You still came with that, unconditional love

Chorus 3x until fade
In this game the lesson's in your eyes to see
Though things change, the future's still inside of me
We must remember that tomorrow comes after the dark
So you will always be in my heart, with unconditional love
You know they got me trapped in this prison of seclusion
Happiness, living on tha streets is a delusion
Even a smooth criminal one day must get caught
Shot up or shot down with tha bullet that he bought
Nine millimeter kickin' thinking about what tha streets do to me
'Cause they never talk peace in tha black community
All we know is violence, do tha job in silence
Walk tha city streets like a rat pack of tyrants
Too many brothers daily heading for tha big penn
Niggas commin' out worse off than when they went in
Over tha years I done alot of growin' up
Getten drunk thrown' up
Cuffed up
Then I said I had enough
There must be another route, way out
To money and fame, I changed my name
And played a different game
Tired of being trapped in this vicious cycle
If one more cop harassed me I just might go psycho
And when I gettem
I'll hittem with tha bum rush
Only a lunatic would like to see his skull crushed
Yo, if your smart you'll really let me go 'G'
But keep me cooped up in this ghetto and catch tha uzi
They got me trapped...

(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
They got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)

They got me trapped
Can barely walk tha city streets
Without a cop harassing me, searching me
Then asking my identity
Hands up, throw me up against tha wall
Didn't do a thing at all
I'm tellen you one day these suckers gotta fall
Cuffed up throw me on tha concrete
Coppers try to kill me
But they didn't know this was tha wrong street
Bang bang, down another casualty
But it's a cop who's shot there's brutality
Who do you blame?
It's a shame because tha man's slain
He got caught in tha chains of his own game
How can I feel guilty after all tha things they did to me
Sweated me, hunted me
Trapped in my own community
One day I'm gonna bust
Blow up on this society
Why did ya lie to me?
I couldn't find a trace of equality
Work me like a slave while they laid back
Homie don't play that
It's time I lett'em suffer tha payback
I'm tryin' to avoid physical contact
I can't hold back, it's time to attack jack
They got me trapped

(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
You know they got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
You know they got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)

Now I'm trapped and want to find a getaway
All I need is a 'G' and somewhere safe to stay
Can't use tha phone
'Cause I'm sure someone is tappin in
Did it before
Ain't scared to use my gat again
I look back at hindsite the fight was irrelevant
But now he's tha devils friend
Too late to be tellin' him
He shot first and I'll be damned if I run away
Homie is done away I should of put my gun away
I wasn't thinkin' all I heard was tha ridicule
Girlies was laughin', Tup sayin' Damn homies is dissin you
I fired my weapon
Started steppin' in tha hurricane
I got shot so I dropped
Feelin' a burst of pain
Got to my feet
Couldn't see nothin' but bloody blood
Now I'm a fugitive to be hunted like a murderer
Ran through an alley
Still lookin' for my getaway
Coppers said Freeze, or you'll be dead today
Trapped in a corner
Dark and I couldn't see tha light
Thoughts in my mind was tha nine and a better life
What do I do?
Live my life in a prison cell
I'd rather die than be trapped in a living hell
They got me trapped

(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
They got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
(Uh uh, they can't keep tha black man down)
You know they got me trapped
(Naw, they can't keep tha black man down)
Trapped
How many brothas fell victim to tha streetz?
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a Heaven for a 'G'
It'd be a lie, If I told ya that I never thought of death
My niggas, we tha last ones left
But life goes on...

How many brothas fell victim to tha streetz?
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a Heaven for a 'G'
It'd be a lie, If I told ya that I never thought of death
My niggas, we tha last ones left
But life goes on...

Verse One:

As I bail through tha empty halls
Breath stinkin' in my draws
Ring, ring, ring
Quiet y'all
Incoming call
Plus this my homie from high school
He's getting bye
It's time to bury another brotha nobody cry
Life as a baller
Alchol and booty calls
We usta do them as adolecents
Do you recall?
Raised as G's
Loc'ed out and blazed the weed
Get on tha roof
Let's get smoked out
And blaze with me
2 in tha morning
And we still high assed out
Screamin' 'thug till I die'
Before I passed out
But now that you're gone
I'm in the zone
Thinkin'
'I don't wanna die all alone'
But now ya gone
And all I got left are stinkin' memories
I love them niggas to death
I'm drinkin' Hennessy
While tryin' ta make it last
I drank a 5th for that ass
When you passed...
Cause life goes on


Verse Two:

Yeah nigga
I got tha word as hell
Blew trial and tha judge gave you
25 with an L
Time to prepare to do fed time
Won't see parole
Imagine life as a convict
That's getten' old
Plus with tha drama
We're lookin' out for your babies mama
Taken risks, while keepin' cheap tricks from beatin' on her...
Life in tha hood...
Is all good for nobody
Remember gamin' on dumb hotties at your party
Me and you
No true a two
While scheming on hits
And gettin' tricks
That maybe we can slide into
But now you buried
Rest nigga
'Cause I ain't worried
Eyes blurry
Sayin' goodbye at the cemetery
Tho' memories fade
I got your name tated on my arm
So we both ball till my dying days
Before I say goodbye
Kato and Mental rest in peace
Thug till I die


Verse Three:

Bury me smilin'
With G's in my pocket
Have a party at my funeral
Let every rapper rock it
Let tha hoes that I usta know
From way before
Kiss me from my head to my toe
Give me a paper and a pen
So I can write about my life of sin
A couple bottles of Gin
In case I don't get in
Tell all my people I'm a Ridah
Nobody cries when we die
We outlaws
Let me ride
Until I get free
I live my life in tha fast lane
Got police chasen' me
To my niggas from old blocks
From old crews
Niggas that guided me through
Back in tha old school
Pour out some liquor
Have a toast for tha homies
See we both gotta die
But ya chose to go before me
And brothas miss ya while you're gone
You left your nigga on his own
How long we mourn
Life goes on...

(Chorus repeats to end)
(Spoken over repeating chorus:)

Life goes on homie
Gone on, 'cause they passed away
Niggas doin' life
Niggas doin' 50 and 60 years and shit
I feel ya nigga, trust me
I feel ya
You know what I mean
Last year
We poured out liquor for ya
This year nigga, life goes on
We're gonna clock now
Get money
Evade bitches
Evade tricks
Give players plenty space
And basically just represent for you baby
Next time you see your niggas
Your gonna be on top nigga
Their gonna be like,
'Goddamn, them niggas came up'
That's right baby
Life goes on...
And we up out this bitch
Hey Kato, Mental
Y'all niggas make sure it's popin' when we get up there
Don't front.

(Reporter)

Good Evening (sirens in the background)
I'm reporting live from Sunset Boulevard
Where many excited fans have gathered with candles
(Crowd starts chanting "Tupac")
Awaiting the much anticipated release, of Tupac Shakur's latest album, Better Dayz
This is yet another post-humorous release by Tupac
Which, raises the question
Where are these songs coming from?
It's interesting how, the message in these songs
Is still relevant today
Even in his death, he's touching people with his lyrics
I can feel the energy in the air, as they count down to midnight
When the album will officially be released
Oh, hold on, I, think they're starting to countdown now

(Crowd)

5, 4, 3, 2, 1 ...
Troublesome nigga
Troublesome 19-motherfucking-96
Westside
Let it be known nigga
The boss of all bosses
Makaveli

Menacing Methods, Label me a lethal weapon
Making niggas die, witnessin' breathless imperfection
Can you picture my specific plan?
To be the man in this wicked land, underhanded hits are planned
Scams are plotted over grams and rocks
Undercover agents die by the random shots
We all die in the end, so revenge we swore
I was all about my ends fuck friends and foes
Me, a born leader, never leave the block without my heater
Got me a dog and named her mob bitch nigga eater
What could they do to me ya little brat
Shit them niggas done shot me and still terrified I'll cut they ass
How can I show you how I feel inside
We outlawz, motherfuckas can't kill my pride
Niggas talk a lot of shit but that's after I'm gone
'Cause they fear me in the physical form
Let it be known I'm troublesome

Troublesome nigga
Outlawz
We put it down to the fullest
Spitting rhymes and bullets
Troublesome
Y'all know what time it is
Call the punk police, they can't stop us
Niggas run the streets Haha...
Troublesome
Yeah

Gutter ways, my mentality is ghetto
A guerrilla in this criminal war, we all rebels
Death before dishonor, bet I bomb on them first
Niggas knew we came for murda, pullin' up in a herse
Westside was the war cry bustin' all freely
Screaming fuck all ya niggas in Swaheli
Pistol packin' fresh out of jail, I ain't goin' back
Release me to the care of my heartless trap
Say my name three times like Candyman
Bet I roll on your ass like an avalanche
A soul survivor, learned to get high and pull driveby's
Murder my foes, can't control my nine
Hearin' thoughts of my enemies pleadin' please
Busta ass motherfuckas tried to flee
Picture me lettin this chump survive
Ran up on his ass when I dump he died
'Cause I'm troublesome

Young, strapped, and I don't give a fuck
I'm hopelesssss
I live a thuglife, losing my focus baby
I'm troublesome
Badboy Killa
There is no one realler
What you saw was the rough, rugged and raw
Outlaw OUTLAW

Murder murder my mindstate shit ain't change since my last rhyme
The crime rate ain't declined
Niggas bustin' shots like they lost their mind
Like twenty-five to life never crossed their mind
Tell me young nigga never learned a thang
Dead at thirteen 'cause he yearn to bang
Sent a lot of flowers, but how can I cry
Try to warn the little nigga either stop or die
Mercy is for the weak when I speak I scream
Afraid to sleep I'm havin' crazy dreams
Vivid' pictures of my enemies and family times
God forgive me cause its wrong but I plan to die
You can take me in heaven and understand I was a sheep
Did the best I could, raised in insanity
Or send me to hell 'cause I ain't beggin' for my life
Ain't nothing worse than this cursed ass hopeless life
I'm troublesome

In your wildest dreams you couldn't picture a nigga like me
I'm troublesome I don't give a fuck
I'm troublesome
Like my nigga napolean said nigga
Somebody gotta explain why I ain't got shit
I'm troublesome
You know what time it is
The outlaw click, young rugged and sick
Makaveli the don, the boss of all bosses
Mussolini, Idi Amin, Hussein Fatal, Khadafi
Kastro, Napoleon, Mo Khomani
We ain't fucking around
We troublesome
Hey yo
We troublesome
Young Kastro, the first to blast the last one to dash
He going for the hoes and the cash
Fuck you niggas
Outlaws
Khadafi trump tight never sloppy
Them other fuckers try to copy
But they can't mock you nigga u 2 strong
Outlaw keep it going on
You know wassup
Outlaws outlaws
Outlaws outlaws
This is dedicated to the real niggas
All the real troublesome soldiers on the streets
That rather die than see the penitentiary
We all motherfuckin' outlaws

Bye bye
Bye bye
All you niggas die
(2Pac - over background voices)
My ghetto love song, hahaha, let's be friends...
(Where my niggaz at? Where my niggaz where my bitches?
Where my niggaz at? Where my bitches at?
Throw your hands in the air
Everybody just throw your hands in the air)
Let's be friends...
(Wessyde in this motherfucker right here, Wessyde..)

(2Pac)
Approach you and post a minute, arm on my double-R tinted
As you pass bye wink in my eye, freshly scented
What's the haps baby? Come get with me and perhaps lady
You can help me multiply my stacks baby
Currency seems small I need companionship (hey)
Through with that - scandalous shit, I bet your man ain't shit
So why you hesitating actin' like yo' shit don't stink
Check out my - diamonds bitch everyone gonna blink
This be a thug thang, Outlaw nigga with riches
Cream dreaming motherfucker, on a mash for bitches
Check my resume, sipping on Cristal and Alize
Smoking on big weed, keyed the Cali way
Don't like tricking but I'll buy you a fifth
I can't stand no sneaker-wearing nappy head bitch
Let my pedigree, re-breed me, they're so cheap
Putting bitch-made busters to sleep with no grief
Mash on my so-called comp, who the man?
While I'm tugging on yo' main bitch head
Understand this, ain't no nigga like me, fuck Jay-Z
He broke and I smoke daily baby let's be friends

(Chorus: singer + 2Pac)
Let's be friends (where my niggaz at? come on)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
Friends... (all my niggaz, where my hoes at?)
Why you trickin on them other hoes?
Let's be friends (where the bitches at, where the niggaz with money?)
(Where you at baby?)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
Friends... (cash makin' hoes)
Why you trickin on them other hoes?
Let's be friends

(2pac)
I met you and I stuttered in passion
Though slightly blinded by that ass, it was hard to keep my dick in my pants
Every time you pass got me checkin' for you hardcore; staring and watching
Me and you one on one (see that bitch) picture countless options
Was it prophecy? Clear as day, visions on top of me
Erotic, psychotic, we possess bubonics
Far from a crush I wanna bust your guts and touch
Everything inside you from my head to my nuts
You got me sweating like a fat girl goin' for mine
Just a skinny nigga fucking like she stole my mind
Back in time I recall how she used to be
I guess money and fame made you used to me
What's up in 9-6? Fine tricks in drag
Fuck Dre, tell that bitch he can kiss my ass
Back to you, my pretty ass caramel queen
Got my hands on your thighs now, let me in between as friends

(Chorus: singer + 2Pac)
Let's be friends (wessyde, motherfucker right here)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
Friends... (wessyde in this motherfucker)
Why you trickin on them other hoes?
Let's be friends (wessyde in this motherfucker right here)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
Friends... (in this motherfucker right here)
Why you trickin on them other hoes?
Let's be friends

(2Pac)
Can you imagine me in player mode, rush the tricks
I got 'em ready for a booty call, I fucked your bitch
Was it me or the fame? My dick or the game?
Bet I scream WESTSIDE when I came
Scream my name, cause baby it's delicious got a weak spot
For pretty bitches up and down, similar to switches
My movement, baby let your back get into it
Make it fluid, in and out, all around when a nigga do it
You got me high! Let me come inside!
I love it when you get on top, baby let me ride!
Who wanna stop me? Am I top notch?
Fuck player hating niggaz 'cause they cock block
You probably hate to see a real thug with vision, what's the game?
Rather see a nigga up in prison, why you change?
Made a living out of cuss words, liquor and weed
A bad seed turned good - in this world of G's
Baby got me fantasizing, seeing you naked
It's the fuck song, so check my record
And let's be friends
(Where my niggaz at? Show me where my niggaz at?
Where my bitches at) Thug style!

(Chorus: singer + 2Pac)
Let's be friends (where my niggaz at, where my bitches at?)
(Throw yo' guns in the air!)
Friends... (my ghetto love song, it goes on and on and on and on)
Let's be friends (where my niggaz at, where my bitches at?)
(Where my niggaz at?)
Friends... (where my niggaz at, where my bitches at?)
(Where my people at? Let's be..)

(2Pac)
Where my people at? Show me where my people at
Where my people at? Show me where my people at
All my niggaz now, just my niggaz come
Where my niggaz at? Just my niggaz now
Be friends, tell me where my niggaz at
Be friends, tell me where my bitches at
Be friends, tell me where my people at
Be friends, tell me where my bitches at
Make money, take money, be friends

(Chorus: singer + 2Pac)
Let's be friends (get your cash on, let's, get dough)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
Friends... (c'mon, get your cash on)
Why you trickin on them other hoes?
Let's be friends (c'mon, get your cash on, let's, get paid)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
Friends... (c'mon, getcha cash on)
Why you trickin on them other hoes?
Let's be friends

Make money, take money! (*repeat 5X*)
Lets turn this house into a happy home
This is for all the homeboys that couldn't get their happy home
Lets turn this house into a happy home

As long one of us got it some of us got it
Lets turn this house into a happy home
You know how that is, stay down for me boo
Hold on

Now we been kicking it for quite some time
Remain beside me through these trials and this life of crime
We done fought so many times I forgot to count
I never hit you, not a coward rather leave your house
Remember back in December when we was tight
Sippin alize and crystal while in every night
In my bedroom, promise that I'll commit to you sometime
Kiss me every time you see me step inside a room
Promise to be good to each other
Plus I love ya so I know your gonna make a good mother
Just try to understand if I change in time
It's only 'cause I never owned anything that's mine
So I'm trying
You can stay with my mama but keep the drama to a low
Never call the police, I never call you bitch or hoe
We were all born hungry in this world alone
Finally moved out my mom's house
And got a happy home

Happy Home
Lets turn the house into a happy home
Happy Home
Finally made it outta moms house, and got a happy home
Happy Home
Turn this house into a happy home
Happy Home


Going through these hard times
Ghetto child of mine
I wonder if you have to suffer for your fathers crimes
To be honest it's a hard road
Just keep your faith in God knowing you'll get scarred though
Look at him walking and talking, a little child with my eyes and mouth
Father watch over little seeds help me guide them out
Had to change my whole lifestyle
Married my baby's mama made her my wife now
I'm trying hard y'all
Maybe in time, I'll be a better man
Watchin the older couples, handle it like veterans
Show me the meaning of together and forever we rise
If it would help our child grow then together we die
Why, question my love? It's so easy to see
Without my family all I'm left with is a shadow of me
After all the arguments and the nights alone
Now it's time to live the good life
Inside this happy home

Happy Home
Turn this house into a happy home
Happy Home
Finally got to live the good life, inside this happy home
Happy Home
Turn this house into a happy home
Happy Home

Happy Home

(Tupac talking)
All these problems got me gone
We got a family of our own
I just want a happy home
Turn this house into a happy home
No man's made to stand alone
I promise I won't do you wrong
I just want a happy home
Finally made it outta moms house, and got a happy home

Happy Home
Turn this house into a happy home
Happy Home
Finally got to live the good life, inside this happy home
Happy Home
Turn this house into a happy home
Happy Home

Hey
Turn this house into a happy home
As long one of us got it some of us got it
Turn this house into a happy home
(LT Hutton talking)

Uh oh, Uh oh, Oh!, Oh!, Oh!
They ain't ready for this
LT Hutton
T.I.
Ashanti
It's that new 'Pac y'all

(Chorus: Ashanti)

Pac's life
(Everybody need's to chill)
Everybody talking 'bout Pac's life
(It's Tupac the king)
What do you know about Pac's life
(What do you know? What do you know?)
(Only real niggas stay on top)
Everybody talking 'bout Pac's life
(Outlawz)

(Verse One: Tupac)

Started with five shots, niggas plotting to kill him
Never figured that, that same nigga sell five million
Hit the charts like a mad man nothing but hits
Court cases got a nigga facing multiple digits
Dodging cop cars look how we come so far
Picture a high school drop out
Rolling a double R
House full of happiness, weed and drank
Way out
So when trouble tried to find me can't
Never visioned living longer than my twenty first
Thought I'd locked down, cracked out or in the dirt
And though it hurts to see the change
It comes with the fame
Watch them gossip in this silly game
To all the motherfucker's speaking down on me this is the night
Why's everybody caught up In Pac's life?
To all y'all niggas
Conversating on my life
Mind your motherfucking business


(Verse Two: T.I)

I remember that
Ay
What's happening Pac
Yeah I know we never got to meet
But we know all the same people so we got to speak
You taught me first, fake nigga can't stop a G
And all the shit you went through
Meant a lot to me
But when they locked you up for for nothing it was shame to see
You we know the crack came and did the same thing to me
I get along with real niggas it's the lane to be
Talking loud out of pocket tryna bang with me
And so I pull it out my pocket let it rain you see
Now they all in the court room blaming me
See we ain't live the same life but represent the same struggle
Power to the real niggas death to the sucker's
Money over bitches, get to know 'em for you love 'em
Death before dishonour never talk to undercover's
Live by the same rules so I minus the tattoo's
With the same sort of dude with he same short fuse


(Verse Three: Tupac)

I want money in large amounts
My garage full of cars that bounce
Moving my tapes in major weight cause every dollar counts
Busters is jealous and half these niggas is punks
They running off at the mouth till I fill it up with my pump
They jump my automatic keep 'em weary
While you fronting like you Billy Bad Ass
Nigga you scary
I been knowing you for years
We was high school peers
In Junior High
I was itching' to kill
And you was, 'Ready To Die'
While you bullshitting niggas was dying and catching cases
Busting my automatics at motherfucker's in foreign places
Leaving no trace, they see my face and then they buried
Bitches die in a hurry
Still I ride, I'm never worried
Mr. Makaveli tell me to ride and I'ma ride
Pick my enemies out the crowd
And motherfucker's die
It's not the way I wanna live
My nigga it's how it is
Only real niggas stay on top


Why are all you niggas all up in my shit?
Tell them motherfucker's
Outlawz
Fuck all y'all















Thug Life! Comin' str8 out the West Coast,
Real Boy Killaz!
2pac with the Assassin! And we ridin' for the west Side! Bad Boy, Bad Boy whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do when we comin' at you??
Bad Boy, Bad Boy whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do when we comin' at you??
Bad Boy, Bad Boy whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do when we comin' at you??
Bad Boy, Bad Boy whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do when we comin' at you?? (2pac)
I got these bustaz on my block, and they after me
Runnin' round tellin' these niggaz, how they goin' capture me.
It's gettin' crazy, it's hard to make my mind up
Now should I bucm em' down and put my 9 up?
Ya see, I ain't a Bad Boy, jus' a boy that had it bad
I graduated from 22's to 357 mags.
Runnin' on these marks for they stash and I ain't askin
Givin' up or get the blastin'.
The penitentiary don't scare me
A str8 thug nigga... hoes say they'll take care of me.
And tell me who the fuck you goin' find?
Rough enough to tell these bitch niggaz this is mine
Now busta meet my 9!
20 role on the grind I'm sick about mine and uh
Ain't nutin' wrong wit' gettin' high.
A hustlin' ass nigga from the projects
I'm makin' loot, screamin' Thug Life, nigga when I shoot.
They made me a (badboy!) (hook)
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, westside when we ride, one time!
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, we gotsta keep on thuggin'!
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, westside when we ride, one time!
Bad Boys can't stop Thug Life, we gotsta keep on thuggin'! Fuck Bad Boy! (the Assassin)
I'm screamin' west side ridah when we ride and in a hoo ride
Suicide till the day gettin' high!
From the Bay to LA, drinkin' Tanqueray and da Alize
When we stay on the blocks, slangin' rocks, runni' from cops.
When we runnin', we comin', and gunnin' and you get done and
In the city wit' no pity, down wit' Thug Life, we doin' it live!
Everytime we side on you trick made bitches.
Packin' a 45, recognize the game in yo' set
BEtta jet when I get you wet, wit' intention a' do or die
Homicide, genocide to the other side
When we glide wit' my nigga Pac we bustin' 'em niggaz
On th block wit' Gangsta-D back up me your real OG
Comin' up outta the 7 T rees.
Strick 9 to the LHD
We claimin' to bring we make 'em fiend
For the fact we havin' 'em stack on the map
For the city of Sac al the way to the Jo' when stroll
Poppin' the mos, outta killa California, str8 loc westcoast! (hook) Repite1 Hahahahaha!
Raise up off these nuts, a little bit
Just a little bit
Raise up off these nuts, a little bit

(2Pac)
I'm smokin' these niggas like they endo
Breakin 'em like they windows
And still they rip till they get a whiff
Of this shit that I kick
And if they ever had a notion to stop me
Treat your best shot and get dropped
With your posse, nigga I got the ?mott?
I'm takin' 'em out, a lot I got
More than you could pop
I'm rockin' the spot, so now they jock
Dump 'em and get dropped
2Pac ain't tryin' to hear it, Ox
Screamin at your box
I'm swearin at ya not so uh
Static is the last thing you need when you see me
Better have a bat or a gat to defeat me
Nigga, I'm a whole posse rolled into one shot
Takin' on your gat while your girl gets hot and rocks the spot
Fear funky flavor with the gift that only God gave
Hold it to my grave
I'd rather die than be a slave
Slaves come as dope dealers
Some come as addicts
Some come to run while the others cause static

Raise up off these nuts, a little bit
Just a little bit
Raise up off these nuts, a little bit

(???)
I'm comin' up outta the cut
Sendin slugs to the guts
I'm bustin' up outta the page 'cause they got me locked up
I'm tryin' to survive but there's too many playa hatin' haters
Always want static, like boom holla at ya later
Homie this ain't no love in this town that I come from
Niggas be wantin funkin then I stomp em, they don't want none
Girls be on my jock and they playin' me for that
But fool I can't help it 'cause I was raised up like a mack
Jealous because I'm black, Jack wanna jack me
And Jill wants to marry me and watch the Klan bury me
Got to pack the steel for the personal protection
AK, 45's, assault rifles, Smith and Wesson
I'm no longer stressin
Learnin, gotta live long
(..?..) Thanks God that I'm still strong
Get a bag a spliffs for the homies, blaze up all of these
But if you wanna flex, get in my Kool Aid punks, raise up offa
These

Raise up off these nuts, a little bit
Just a little bit
Raise up off these nuts, a little bit

(Silky)
Just back the fuck up of me, 'cause you can't get none a these
It's that OG female comin' straight up out the PP's
So step to the side then raise the fuck up off me, brah
'Cause if I take it to that level I'ma light this motherfucker up
Now it's on you, you better try to lose your shit
'Cause if you don't, trust me I got you trick
You better try to choose it and lose it
Stay outta mine 'fore this shit get way stupid
These niggas I fuck with believe in passin gats
Can't leave hoe, without my strap
Not givin' a fuck about nothin'
Slidin through the spot with my face mask muggin
Lookin' motherfuckers up and down
It ain't a future in your frontin
Why these fat niggas floatin around?
What happened to them real motherfuckin G's?
Fake motherfuckers need to raise up offa these

Raise up off these nuts, a little bit
Just a little bit
Raise up off these nuts, a little bit

Raise up off these nuts, a little bit
Just a little bit
Raise up off these nuts, a little bit
Layin around sittin' about from Friday morning to Saturday evenings Monday morning x2
(Notorious BIG)
Check it
I grew up a fucking screwup
Got introduced to the game
Got a ounce and fucking blew up

Chopping rocks overnight
The nigga Biggie Smalls trying
Ta turn into the black Frank White


It's a red light
How many homies gotta die tonight?
Oh, yeah, stop the gunfight
I can feel it
Somebody's trying to start up a fight

Come on and keep game, uh oh
But you cannot cease the blame
And if you ask me, it's a damn shame
We be taking lives that we can't replace

Over B.S. that don't make sense
We gotta get better than this
We started fighting at our own risk
It was something we couldn't resist
It's a red light

How many homies gotta die tonight?

(Notorious BIG)
We had to grow dreads
To change our description
Two cops is on a milkbox missing

Showed they toes
You know they got stepped on
A fistful of bullets
A chest full of Teflon

Run from the police, picture that
Nigga I'm too fat
I fuck around and
Catch a asthma attack

That's why I bust back
It don't faze me
When he drop, take his glock
And I'm Swayze

Celebrate my escape
Sold the glock, bought some weight
Laid back, I got some money to make
Motherfucker

(2pac)
From the five-oh
Ducking and dodging and my survival
Depends on when I let off with my nine-oh

I'm moving swifter
Than the next nigga
No time for sex
'Cause in my mind
All I wonder is who's next

Nigga, my homey slipped
And now he pays the price
He did a drive-by, sixteen
Now he's doin' triple life

Tell me is it me or my upbringing
I spit that thug shit
Nigga motherfuck singing

I hope you got your
Timberlands on tight
'Cause I ain't givin' up
I'd rather duck these
Motherfuckers all night

I'm running through
The projects, beyotch
They'll never catch me
'Cause I'm loc'd and trigger happy
On the sneotch

Don't say you never heard of me
Till they murder me, I'm a legend
Do Thug Niggas go to heaven

I'm rolling with the thorough heads
We getting ghost on them hoes and yo
I got no love for the five-oh
I'm running from the police

Stop the gunfight
I can feel it
Somebody's trying to
Start up a fight

Come on and keep game, uh oh
But you cannot cease the blame
And if you ask me, it's a damn shame
We be taking lives that we can't replace

You got swishes in your system
Juice up in
Now you're red again
Over what he said
Over what she said
Now somebody gotta end up dead
Ya know...
With my nigga vp
Get scratched nigga
In the place to be

Check it

Comin straight from the town releasin so much pow
Up an down ur block my sound shakes the ground
I got the people feel used to this album I made
Its 1997 trick I must get payed
Im takin no kind of shorts I want every last penny
Dont make me have to put a -----
Coz then I have to open ur pours so dont fuck with ma money I wont mess with urs
I got the skills to pay the bills so I can live an chill in the hills, stack mills an run my --- gold wheels back down to the spot

An say wsup to ma niggas thas still servin them rocks
Thats my gorillas still poppin' even though I left it
Niggas best not try to come an grill... Ul get molested
Test it if u want to ma nigga an ima treat ur ass as if u stole some of ma scrilla
But now back to the spot to make the law abiding pray
I cant forget the 1500 clique he the capital of sinners they both makin a grip
-------------------
U rich ass motherfuckers better donate me some loot
And eddy whats up to you too
Even though I took a loss young soul loves you
But put me back on my feet when I said I was ready
Movin major bubonic in my pockets I kept fatty
But who kicks the rymes an who stacks the cash
Whos droppin major pow

West side thats how we ride
Niggaz gota watch they backs coz its do or die
Coz if thety tryna see me or ma partner vp
We yellin get scratched ye thats right for the west coast west side thats how we ride
Niggaz gota watch they backs coz its do or die
Coz if they tryna see me or ma partner vp we yellin get scratched ye thats right

Every since I was little, I had the gift to use the microphone
Now that im famous all these suckers wanna tag along
Like hoes tryna pull ------
I peepin hella punks plottin
Stalkin a nigger just like an apple rottin man, now they rotten
Watchin ma house as if they workin for the feds
They probly can tell u exactly when I go to bed
I baught me some straps
Incase I got a cap some snaps in they back
To make there spinal cords crack
I acts like that just for the fact I think im at a point in my life where theres just no turning back
So I wears a vest when its time to get some rest an hoe relive the stress ---- havin sex
Coz punks is tryin rob me plus me do like ---
Bruttaly mass murderd -----
Puttin bullet holes up in me with some fat 9s no time to die coz I can almost hear the flat lines
I cant cry
I see my niggaz sayin yo soul please dont go we bein a partner got a fofo but I dont know which way to go
Without gettin burned but if these niggas let me get em whereever we turn I stay in this game

West side thats how we ride
Niggaz gota watch they backs coz its do or die
Coz if thety tryna see me or ma partner vp
We yellin get scratched ye thats right for the west coast west side thats how we ride
Niggaz gota watch they backs coz its do or die
Coz if they tryna see me or ma partner vp we yellin get scratched ye thats right
For the west coast west side thats how we ride
Niggaz gota watch they backs coz its do or die
Coz if they tryna see me or ma partner vp we yellin get scratched ye thats right nigga

Ride or just die, fuck it thats the way I feel
Im startin a slow death, thats what im writin on my will
My mom thinks im crazy, but she knows she aint raise no dummy
I guess its like this, when I die take all my money
Ma automobiles plus my house upon the hill, and if you feel the same keep my 9mm near
Tell ma sisters I love em, ---- & jeanette
My two twin sisters, you know I love they ass to death
And if I die soon, I pray to god that I dont,
I hope I sell enough records to get 'em anything they want
As I look in the bible 27 book of psalms, verses 1 - 10 I dedicated to my moms
But ima keep flowin, keepin much pride, its the best side
Where you from soul dawg?? West side nigga!!
Yeah! ha ha yeah... that's right!
The F.A's comin' striaght from the wild wild west

Look at baby girl born in 19-7-deuce
Pop's on his fix, Mom's stuck on that crazy juice
Went to school, It's all cool but in Junior Hiiigh
Little hooker in the bathroom getting hiiigh
What she doing and what she smoking, nobody knows
Is she addicted or just slipping into melbose
A bad ass broad running with the girl gang
Just got some tat's, Talking all that girl slang.
First one to slap, because La vida don't matter
Wip out a cuete watch your brains get splattered
Selling them doves, hanging with thugs and all that
Beating up fools with a baseball bat
Started having sex at only 14
Imagine O.G. wears his clothes all crisp and clean
Got pregnant had a baby in December
She wont see the daddy till next September
Mom's and Pop's gave her the boot
Kicked her out La Casa, Now what Raza
With the money she got, She bought a spot of the block
Started paying the rent by slangin' phat ass coca rocks
Now she's 23 her four kids all alone, and loc'ed out
And plus she's all smoked out, the base face
You could see it in her eyes, it could also tell the tears
Of a life long cries.
They was headed for self destruction
Conjunction Junction,(hey Yo!) What's your Function?
Her own kids gotta healp, 'cause they knew she was slippin'
Took the devil away homegiiirl, You was Slippin'.

Slipping into Darkness
When you slip you trip and fall
Slipping into Darkness
Ain't no sense to give y'all no love at all

They say we're slipping, as a whole one race
So, what we gonna choose, Don't want the blues
I turn to the news and what do I see
(Merciless)"Everybody in the world ready to D. I. E."
We got blacks against blacks, browns against browns
Whites against whites, from governments to undergrounds
So, Peep the sound as it bumps through your stereo
Ear to your brain now check out the scenerio
Cali got quakes, Mudslides, and Floods
Pesadillas (nightmares) Crips and Bloods
Hustlas, Pimps, Shot Callers, and Killas
O.G., Macks, and the big Coca Dealers
We got homeboys who just like kicking it
And Vato's like me who grab the mic and start splitting it
(Merciless) "You're in for a phat treat trip into a phat beat"
So get closer to the funk and slip into the backseat.


They wanna band me cause a brothas makin' noise a lot
Ill shoot they ass in a sec wit a poison dart
They got me runnin' down the street gettin' hotter
Runnin' from the cops as I try to clock my glock
The war wont stop
That's why they wanna band the music
You ever notcie how the cops can't stand the music
See a black man coolin wit a Mexican
We can all have peace, the sun sets again
They try to shove us in the pen
But we clown and we frown every time we hit the top ten
Once again, it's your friend outta oakland, hopin
To keep the hip hop clubs open
Now we can lay back and let them close'm
Or we can have beef and show that we control'em
Now ain't nobody gettin' paid, it's a damn shame
Why gang bang brothas in the same gang?
They say securitys to blame, 'cause they lettin it off
Brothas come to have fun but they settin it off
One time, make it worse when they sweat us
Send an army of pigs to come get us
Now I'm runnin' outta time and I'm cool down with the aztecs
This is sorta like soul food
(Tupac Shakur)
Right now, it is it is almost... it is almost uh,
IMPOSSIBLE for you not to see how strong rap has gotten
Why'knowhatI'msayin, it's it's like umm...
Our our brothers and sisters, our youths, and some of our adults
Their ear is PINNED to rap music right now
And if you really wanna get our message out
And really wanna start teachin, we need to start doin' that
We we really need to start usin', our methods, why'knowhatI'msayin?
The Last Poets did it with poetry
And uh, and and... even in our history
From a ancient Afl- African civilization
Poets went from village to village
And that's how, stories and messages and lessons were taught
Why'knowhatI'mssayin, and so like you say, history repeats itself
And so... it it was, it was... at it was, why'know obvious
It was, pick it up, why'know?
Bein the race that we are, bein the strong race that we are
We picked it up, we picked up those positive, those positive vibes
And we started rappin' and so
I think it is, it's a very good medium too
(Babatunde Olatunki)
Please... wake me when I am free
I cannot bear activity
Where my couch, I am told, "Hold no significance"
I waited and died in ignorance
But my inner eye can see, erase
Who reigned as king in another place
The green trees were reached from fall
And every man spoke of beautiful men and women together as people

War was gone because all was at peace
But now like a nightmare, I woke to see

That I live like a prisoner of poverty...

Please... wake me when I am free
I cannot bear activity
Fall, I will have a ?, stricken blind
Than to live without expression of mind

(Babatunde Olatunki begins to speak in another language)
(Mos Def)
This song is dedicated
To the mothers and the children of the revolution
From Tupac, to Afeni Shakur
And many many more
This is for you
One love, one life

(Mos Def * singing)
Can you see... the pride of the panther
As she nurtures... her young all alone
It's the seed... that must grow regardless
Of the fact that, it's been planted in stone
Can you see... the pride of the panther
In the concrete jungle, alone with her cub
It's the seed... that must come to harvest
It's the tree... that must grow out of love

Can you see the pride in the panther
As he glows in splendor and grace?
Topling obstacles placed
In the way of the progression of his race?
Can you see the pride in the panther
As she nurtures her young, all alone?
The seed must grow regardless
Of the fact that it's planted in stone
Can't you see the pride of the panthers
As they unify, as one?
The flower blooms with brilliance and
Outshines all the rays of the sun
Keeps bright like the rays of the sun
Carries out like the rays of the sun
Keeps bright like the rays of the sun
Shines bright like a new day begun

(Mos Def)
Can you see the pride in the panther
As he glows in splendor and grace?
Topling the obstacles placed
In the way of the progression of his race
Can you see the pride in the panther
As she nurtures her young all alone?
The seed must grow, regardless
Of the fact that it's been planted in stone
Can't you see the pride of the panthers
As they unify as one?
The flower blooms, with brilliance
And outshines all the rays of the sun
It outshines all the rays of the sun
Carries out like a new day begun (uh-huh)
It shines bright like the rays of the sun (hah)
And keeps high like a new day begun

(Mos Def * singing)
Shines bright like the rays of the SUN!
Keeps high like a new day begun
Carry out like the rays of the sun
Keep on like a new day begun, say
Shine bright like the rays of the SUN!
Keep high like a new day begun, say
Shine bright like the rays of the sun (c'mon)
Keep high like a new day begun, say
Shine bright like the rays of the SUN!
Keep high like a new day begun, yes
To shine bright like the rays of the sun (uh-huh)
Carry out like a new day begun, say (c'mon)
SHINE BRIGHT LIKE THE RAYS OF THE SUN (whoo!)
Keep high like a new day begun (ha ha)
Shine bright like the rays of the sun say (c'mon)
Keep it high like the new day begin say
SHINE BRIGHT LIKE THE RAYS OF THE SUN (whoo!)
Keep high like a new day begun (ha ha)
Shine bright like the rays of the sun (yeah)
Carry out like the rays of the sun (huh)
Carry out like a new day begun
A new day begun, a new day begun
A new day begun begun begun begun
Begun begun begun... hoo!
Power to the people! (Power to the people)
He said... power to the people! (Power to the people)
He said... power to the people! (Power to the people)
He said... love is people power (LOVE)
Love is people power (LOVE)
Love is people power (LOVE)
Love is people power (when all else crumbles)
Love is people power (love must prevail)
Love is the people's power
God
When I was alone, and had nothing
I asked for a friend to help me bear the pain
No one came, except God
When I needed a breath to rise, from my sleep
No one could help me, except God
When all I saw was sadness, and I needed answers
No one heard me, except God
So when I'm asked, who I give my unconditional love to?
I look for no other name, except God
This one is all about love
Love, love, oh no
(Oh yeah)
This one is for my baby boo
(That's you)
Now what's about baby
(That's right)
Red Rat will always love you, always

Yo bean or not molest me of you
Prepare to die or say you want me too
I would do anything for make you my baby boo
Remember that I still love you

Yo bean or not molest me of you
Prepare to die or say you want me too
I want to hear my baby boo
And this one is just for you, just for you

I would jump all my girls for you
Walk around the world for you
Fly around like the birds for you
That's why I wrote these words for you

I don't have everything
I sometimes wonder why
I don't have anything
(Yeah)
From my heart
(Definitely)

Yo, accept the G of a better day
(Yeah)
And you tell me find my way
(Yeah, yeah baby, yeah)

But be the man I'm sure to make me stay
(Everybody does)
But to keep you, I'll do all it takes
(Anything)
Of course, yeah

Men you think you're nor'
Hold you but you're cloa'
Give me a chance for sure and I'll show
I'm really the one you know
(Know)
This is not a flo'
(Flo')
Can we stick to the Red Cross? Yo

And if it meant that my love was really true
(Yeah)
I'd gladly die and watch over you
(Believe that)
I wish you know how much I cared

You'd see my love is true, that love we'd share
(Of course)
Believe that yo
Even if you change your mind
And said our love was through
I'll die, I would cry but I'll still love you
(Yeah)

Yo, yo bean or not molest me of you
Prepare to die or say you want me too
I would do anything to make you my baby boo
If it don't work I still love you

It's for our love, no matter what
I'll still love you
(I love you)
 Ooh Ooh  Tell me I will be there
Tell me I will be there
Tell me I will be there
Tell me I will be there
Yeah...

(Verse 1]   [Providence and RasDaveed El Harar)
If there be pain
Every breath I breathe will be into you
For without you here my joy is through
My life was lived through falling rain
So call on me if there be pain

If you need me
If you need me
When your hero falls from grace, all fairy tales are uncovered
Myth exposed and pain magnified, the grace pays uncovered
He told me to be strong, but I confused to see it so weak
You say never to give up, and it hurts to see what comes to be
When your hero falls solely the stars, and so does the reception of tomorrow
Without my hero, there's only me alone, to deal with my sorrow
Your heart ceases to work, and your soul is not happy at all
What are you expected to do, when your only hero falls

As long as some suffer, the river flows forever
As long as there is pain, the river flows forever
As strong as a smile can be, the river will flow forever
And as long as you are with me, we'll ride the river together
And as long as you are with me, we'll ride the river together

We'll ride, the river together, as long as, you are with me
The river, will flow forever, as long as, you are with me
The river, will flow forever, as long as, you are with me
Starry night, an unknown creation
Written by, and from the archives of Tupac Shakur
Dedicated to the memory of Vincent Van Gogh

A creative heart obsessed with satisfying
This dorment and uncaring society
You have given them the stars at night
And you have given them bountiful bouquets of sunflowers
But for you there's only contempt
Though you pour yourself into that frame and present it so proudly
This world could not accept your masterpieces, from the heart
So on that starry night, you gave to us and you took away from us
The one thing we never acknowledged, your life

Yeah, game laid down by Q, why'knawmsayin?
Vocals by Rasheeda, fly beat by QDIII
And flows by the M-A-see why'all, Mr. M-A-see Mall

Starry night, your life
You gave to us, and took away from us
Starry night, your life
You gave to us, and took away from us

Uh, uh, watch me live my art; writing words from my soul in blood
I speak the truth on every thang I love
I'll probably sacrifice my life, to send my message through mics
It's like a war drum calling soldiers at night
It's bigger than music I spit it straight from the heart
So it's cold n dark and deep like a universe, but nah don't start
It's for ya entertainment but it's my life why all
And I can't rewind, fast forward, or press pause
But when you give your all, it's like the fans demand more
And after the tour I sit alone like before
When ya name is hot it's all love, the world is yours
But when you fall off, you get ignored

You on the cover of da magazine, flossing on the TV screen
Toastin' wit yo' champagne, playin' life like a game
Loaded in the limousine, love to hear the fans scream
Swimmin' wit the sharks now, ain't no love money king
People got they hands out but ain't nobody lendin' hands
Can you really blame dem for tryin' to get what they can?
Late night, bright lights, lust n lies
And anythang goes under the Hollywood sign
Well you might lose ya soul and who knows what you find
But go ahead main we all want to shine
But go ahead main we all want to shine

There you have it
Why'know, when I was younger I prayed, to get in this game
Why'know to hold dis microphone in my hand
I asked the man upstairs, to let me rock a crowd one day
Why'know let people out there feel the way I feel through my music
Like my homeboy Tupac did fo' sho'
And he gave that to me
But he didn't he didn't he didn't let me know
About all the shady shit that's in, in between
You and yo' dream, why'know?
See it's more than the music, I spit it from the heart
So sometime it's cold n it's dark, but it's raw
And that's how I'ma bring it to you every time, why'know?
(4th Avenue Liberty Jones, K-Ci)
Tat chat, chat, ooh, 4th Avenue Jones
K-Ci himself
(Himself, himself)
Shabba dabba dee swee swee
Ha, ha, oh, yeah, lemme tell you now, oh, yeah

I never planned that I'd be married to settle, no chance
(Yeah)
Wedding bands rock the heaviest metal
And I'm the center hip hop
My M3 seat three, don't need commission
(That's right)

So either we rhyme or design the beat to flip with
Don't stick with music 'cause I hand lose it
It serenades me while I land cruise it
If I'm stressed or soothing

Something I can make the fans move with
Said I be singing till I saw you was like man, who this?
While JD Mingle be gettin' at you with a brand new twist
Switchin' my linger, wishin' I could be the one you cling to
I ask you for you number maybe I can ring you

Six months later when I'm sick my baby bringin' me food
Hang with the fellas, I said, "Mainly, I'll be hangin' with you"
Ready to have that satisfaction of you saying I do
(Yeah)
Since you finally did it, now we together mind, body, spirit
That's something can't no body interfere with, for life
(For life)

4 life, my wife 4 life
You say yes
Yes, you will be my wife
My wife, my wife

4 life, my wife 4 life
You say yes
Yes, you will be my wife
My wife, my wife

I bet you be strapped at point little pubs
Said she never give her number out to dudes in the clubs
That's the boogies and exceptions
'Cause she's showing me love
Body bangin' like the county but I avoid the rub

Prolly to use to dudes jockin', all I asked was a hug
So she slid me the digits, mashed out in a bug
A couple months pass, and we the item 'round town but
I'm feelin' like the worm, like she just want me for the rebound

She fresh outta, relationships that only got her
Heartache and pain, frustrated because of drama
I'm look at your face picturing kids and I can see em
Till death do us part we got the match and mazzaliam

On poppa's DM, I'll put you in the chrome BM
You different from the rest you love God and MCing
Whether it be tattoo, rings or bling
(Bling)
50 karat, you my wife 4 life, we got our backs and it's apparent

4 life, my wife 4 life
You say yes
Yes, you will be my wife
My wife, my wife

4 life, my wife 4 life
You say yes
Yes, you will be my wife
My wife, my wife

So you heard when I asked that night you'd be my wife
Not for this year or next but mine for all life
(That's right, that's right)
To accept me when I'm seein' and to understand
Not to make this dim in the rain which comes as hard as any

I'm not the best of men
My fault has come scarce tonight
But my heart has always been to give to my wife
Yes, you are, baby
(Ah, ah, Tina Jones)

Tina Jones, been picky bout men
Don't want some common fella
Contaminatin' me like salmonella
Workin' undercover like my rhyme umbrella

Keepin' it shady, I'm not going for it though, not even maybe
Showin' proof to you the difference from a rag and from a lady
I can do for myself, makin' my bacon living gravy
And thankin' the Lord 'cause more importantly he saved me

I shot for the moon, lookin' for comets like I'm Haley
I found me a star companionship is what it gave me
I'm beautiful too and not because my hair is wavy
"That's my baby", I said

4 life, my wife 4 life
You say yes
Yes, you will be my wife
My wife, my wife

4 life, my wife 4 life
You say yes
Yes, you will be my wife
My wife, my wife

4 life, my wife 4 life
You say yes
Yes, you will be my wife
My wife, my wife

4 life, my wife 4 life
You say yes
Yes, you will be my wife
My wife, my wife
Because we all spring from different trees
Does not mean we are not created equally
Is the true beauty in the tree
Or in the vast forest in which it breathes?

I find greatness in the tree, that grows against all odds
It blossoms in darkness, and gives birth to promising pods
I was that tree that grew from the weeds and wasn't meant to be
Ashamed I'm not, in fact I am proud, of my thriving, family, tree

The rose that grew from concrete, yeah
The tree that wasn't meant to be
Though I, struggle in my life, I never give up
And you, know that I, will always be by your side
My family tree, yeah a family tree
Yeah, my family tree, my family tree

I find, greatness in the tree that grows against all odds
It blossoms in, darkness, and gives birth to a promising pod
You'll never see me give up

I will press on, never hold my head alone
Never no, my family tree, my family tree yeah
My family tree, family tree

Because we all spring from different trees
Does not mean we are not created equally
Is the true beauty in the tree
Or in the vast forest in which it breathes?

The tree must fight to breathe
Among the evils of the weeds

I find greatness in the tree, that grows against all odds
Ashamed I'm not, in fact I am proud, of my thriving, family, tree
Love within a storm
Love within a storm
Love within a storm
Love within a storm

First it was nothin', not even, a fake?
Loneliness was a daily for me, until you came along
There was a gleam of a star in your eyes
Thought I'd never feel this way again
And you were supposed to reach my heart
And find love within, love, love

Love within a storm
Love within a storm
Love within a storm
Love within a storm
This sweet, wonderful ghetto love
This sweet, wonderful love that you give me
Wonderful

I could not ignore the magnetism, when I felt you near
Any problems plaguin' my mind, was suddenly disappeared
It was re-birth of my heart, the day that you became my friend
'Cause I knew for the moment I held you, that I would fall in love again

Fall in love again, in a storm
Love within a storm (Continues in background throughout next verses)

Just when I thought I'd seen it all
Our paths crossed, amen
And I knew, from the first glance
That you, would be hard to forget
Your eyes, attracted me first
But you reeked of sultry confidence
I couldn't wait, to touch lips
And kiss, with my heart's intention
When we didn't, was what I expected
And for that moment, we erased the tension
Of the awkwardness, of first date jitters
And the initial blind date, first impressions
We kissed again; and I felt the passion
And this, my love, was Cupid's blessin'

We made love, within a storm
In the midst of passion and chaos
Somewhere, somehow, our true bond of friendship was lost
In the eye of the storm, the rain always falls harder
Those who prevail this drama
Will learn to bring their love farther
But now, the storm has past
And the seas of our friendship are gone
But as long as I live, I will remember
The love within a storm

(Love within a storm is repeated after every line)
Sweet, passionate, love-lusting love
Ya know that I miss you, and love you
Ya know that Tupac broke my heart
We need to hear ya, hear ya voice
They say, this ghetto fabulous
On 125th street forkin' around
This village, and the village uptown
South Central, Compton, Philly
Sha-Town, Southside
It's hot in 'Lanta, hot in 'Lanta
Jersey peeps, I hear ya
Miami, South Beach, uh
Yeah, got love for you, love for you
My Brooklyn knights lovin' you, lovin' me
This open, rich city
Ya know, I got love for you
(Intro: 2Pac)

Yeah, Ballad of a Dead Soulja
Its just the Ballad of a Dead Soulja
This is the Ballad of a Dead Soulja
Ballad of a Dead Soulja

(2Pac)
The plan to take command of the whole family
Though underhanded to be the man it was planned
All my road dogs official mob figures love to act up
The first to bomb when we rob niggas
I could be lost in my own mind
To be the boss only thoughts gripping chrome nines
Niggaz get tossed up war scars battle field memories
Swore saw the Devil in my empty glass of Hennessy
Talking to a nigga on a tight leash
Screaming fuck the police as I ride through the night streets
Little child running wild towards his danger
What's the cause don't be alarmed death to all strangers
Maybe I'm a mad man a pistol grabbing nigga
Unleash the sand man
Promise a merciless retaliation nothing is colder
Close your eyes hear the Ballad of a Dead Soulja

(Thug for Life I will lead)
Its just the Ballad of a Dead Soulja
(A Life of Crime I will lead)
Close your eyes, hear the Ballad of a Dead Soulja
(If you play the game you play to win)
This just the Ballad of a Dead Soulja
(It's a crazy world full of sin)
Close your eyes

Completely lost revenge at all costs
Payback's a bitch switch now the tricks crossed
Tossed up and never to be heard of
A single witness screaming bloody murder, murder
Blast tell me homey what ya see now
A blind man and a dead body I'm meant to leave town
And get my cash though hook up wit Kastro
Homey had to blast on the task force
Stupid coppers try to play us out 'member that
They took my money and my stash time to get it them back
Haha I pull my secret arrival
2Pac four fives (.45) time for survival
Death to my rivals tell me what you want lord?
Nobody laugh after the death of a drug lord
Haha the situation's critical nothing is colder
Than hearing the Ballad of a Dead Soulja


Be a coward put your hands to the moon
When my glocks rang out them niggas came out BOOM
Who wanna see me in a challenge
So merciless I'm terrifying niggas in my ballad do you feel me?
Capo or capitan one day I'll be the Don
Until then I remain strong
My only fear of death is reincarnation
Busting at my adversaries like a mental patient
To all my niggas facing sixty years
Shedding tattoo tears another suicidal on the tier
Take a private plane trying to survive the game
For all my homies that'll never be alive again
All they promised us is death nigga
Take a breath could be the last one left nigga
Its real now, uh feel it and fantasize ain't nothing colder
Listen you can hear it, the Ballad of a Dead Soulja


This go out to Kato 'n' Mental
(This is the Ballad of a Dead Soulja)
All the niggaz that have passed away
(Close your eyes, Ballad of a Dead Soulja)
Mutulu, Geronimo, Seyku
All the down ass ridahz
All the niggaz that put it down
All the souljaz
All the niggaz that go through that day to day struggle
(This is the ballad of the dead soulja)
All the niggaz that passed on
All the niggaz with ambition and money in their heart
All the niggaz want some and that don't take none, hahaha
(This is the ballad of the dead soulja)
The police is so scared of us
All the feds, they aware of us
They wanna see us dead,
They got pictures of a nigga hit
(Ballad of the dead soulja)
Try and see me in chains
Shit, them niggaz will never breath again
Before they put me in a cell they'll see me in hell
('Cause this Ballad of the dead soulja)
Got my pistols cocked
Run the whole mutha fucken block
Fuck the cops
The police? We run these streets nigga
(And this Ballad of the dead soulja)
Heh, these niggaz can't see me
Half the world wanna be me
Multi-millionare
Shit, it ain't fair
But nigga-you know
It's the ballad of a dead soulja
Oh, who hoo hoo
Live from the crazy house
You heard that shit nigga
Live from the crazy house
Yo that nigga be crazy as hell

(Hey yo, what you doing with that big ass nigga anyway ?)
My ghetto love song
(Set it off, set it off)
Lets be friends

Mixed together:
(Where my niggaz at, where my niggaz, where my niggaz,
Where my niggaz, where my niggaz at)
(Where my real niggaz at, all my real niggaz,
Throw you mother fucking hands up)
(C'mon, lets go, lets go, lets go, lets see you throw you hands
In the air, throw em, throw em, throw em)
(West side in this mother fucker right here, west side)
(Throw you hands in the air,
Let me see you just throw you hands in the air)

Approach you and posed a minute
All on my double R tinted
As you pass bye
Winkin' my eye
Freshly scented
What's the haps baby, look
Get with me and perhaps lady
You can help me multiply my stacks baby
Currency seems small I need companionship
Do with that scandalous shit
I bet your man ain't shit
So why you hesitating, actin' like your shit don't stink
Check out my diamonds
Bitch everyone gon' blink
This be a thug thing, outlaw
Nigga with riches cream dreamin' mutha fucka
On a mash for bitches
Check my resume, sippin' on crystal and alizee
Smoking on big weed, key'd the Cali way
Don't like trickin' but I'll buy you a fit
I can't stand no sneaker wearing, nappy haired bitch
Let my pedigree read briefly
Their so cheap
Puttin' bitch made bustas to sleep with no grief
Mash on my so called car
Who the man while I'm thuggin' on your main bitch hand
(West side)
Understand this, ain't no nigga like me
Fuck Jay-Z
He broke and I smoke dearly
(C'mon y'all)
Baby lets be friends

Lets be friends
(Where my niggaz at c'mon)
You ain't gotta by my man at all
As long as you just give me your friends
(All my niggaz c'mon)
While you trickin' on them other hoes
Lets be friends
(Where the bitches that want a nigga with money, where you at baby?)
Lets be friends
You ain't gotta by my man at all
As long as you just give me your friends
(Cash making hoe's)
While you trickin' on them other hoes
Lets be ...

I met you and I stuttered in passion
Though slightly blinded
But at last, it was hard to keep my dick in my pants
Every time you pass, got me checking for you hardcore
Staring and watching
Me and you
One on one, picture countless options
Was it prophecy, clear as day?
Visions on top of me
Erotic, psychotic, would possess my body
Far from a crush
I wanna bust your guts
And touch everything inside you, from my head to my nuts
You got my sweatin' like a fat girl going for mine
Just a skinny nigga fuckin' like she stole my mind
Back in time, I recall how she used to be
I guess
Money and fame made ya used to me
What's up in 96?
Lying tricks in drag
Fuck Dre
Tell that bitch he can kiss my ass
Back to you
My pretty ass, caramal queen
Got my hands on your thighs
Now let me in between
As friends

Lets be friends
(West side in this mother fucker right here)
You ain't gotta by my man at all
As long as you just give me your friends
(West side in this mother fucker)
While you trickin' on them other hoes
Lets be friends
(West side in this mother fucker right here)
Lets be friends
You ain't gotta by my man at all
As long as you just give me your friends
(In this mother fucker right here)
While you trickin' on them other hoes

Can you image in me in player mode?
Rush the tricks
I got em, ready for a booty call
I fucked your bitch
Was it me or the fame?
My dick or the game?
Bet I screamed west side when I came
(Westsiiiide!)
Scream my name
Cause baby it's delicious
Got a weak spot for pretty bitches
Up and down, similar to switches
My movement, baby let your back dip into it
Make it fluent
In and out, all around when a nigga do it
You got me high, let me come inside
Love it when you get on top, baby let me ride
Who wanna stop me?
In my top notch
Fucking player hating niggaz 'cause they cock block
You probably hate to see a real thug envisioned with the game
Rather see a nigga up in prison, why you change?
Made a living out of cuss words, liquor and weed
A bad seed turned good, in this world of g's
Baby got me fantasizing of seeing you naked
It's a fuck song, so check my record
And lets be friends

Where my niggaz at?
Show me where my niggaz at
Where my bitches at?
Thugstyle

Lets be friends
Where my niggaz at?
Where my bitches at?
Throw your guns in the air
Friends
My ghetto love song, it goes on and on and on and on
Lets be friends
Where my niggaz at?
Where my bitches at?
Where my niggaz at?
Friends
Where my niggaz at?
Where my bitches at?
Where my people at? Lets be
Where my people at?, Show me where my people at.
Where my people at?, Show me where my people at.
Where my people at?, Show me where my people at.
All my niggaz now, just my niggaz come.
Where my niggaz at?
Just my niggaz now.
Be friends, tell me where my niggaz at?
Be friends, tell me where my bitches at?
Be friends, tell me where my people at?
Make money, take money
Be friends

Friends
(Get your cash on)
(Let's get money)
You ain't gotta by my man at all
As long as you just give me your
Friends
(C'mon, get your cash on)
While you trickin' on them other hoes
(Let's get paid)
Lets be friends
(C'mon, get your cash on)
You ain't gotta by my man at all
(Let's get paid)
As long as you just give me your
Friends
(C'mon, get your cash on)
While you trickin' on them other hoes
(Let's get paid)
Make money, take money
Make money, take money
Make money, take money
Make money, take money
Fucking Lil' Homies
Everybody Ducking
My fucking Lil' Homies
Lil' Homies
Everybody Ducking

Just pay attention, here's a story bout my lil' homey
Str8 thuggin', lil bad young mother fucka, you gotta love him
You can catch him in his G-Ride clutching his glock
Screaming outlaw, (west side) mashing on my enemies block
Educated on these cold streets
Getting money, making dummies out the police
Ain't no peace for an adolescent nigga to wild to be a thinker
Bud smoking 24-7, everyday drinking
I got my diploma but I never learned shit in school
Mo money, mo bitches, mo murder fool
Always the young niggaz getting in shit
She wouldn't stop to conversate so you called her a bitch
Bustin' on paper thin mother fuckas
Drinkin' gin before you get to sinnin' on them bustas
Emptied his clip, passed by like he didn't know me
Everybody duckin'
My fucking lil' homies

Lil' homies on the ride
(Yeah nigga)
Niggaz gonna die tonight
Let's get, high tonight
(My lil' homies)
Lil' homies on the mash
Runnin' from all these punk police
Cause lil' niggaz run the streets

Lil' homies on the ride
Niggaz gonna die tonight (Die tonight)
Let's get, high tonight (High tonight)
Lil' homies on the mash
Runnin' from all these punk police
Cause lil' niggaz run the streets

I remember, when we was just a little G
Flirting with death, playing Russian Roulette
Screaming Kill Me!
Hey there young nigga what you smoking on
Mad at the world cause you came from a broken home
Let us sob cause your mom's is sick
A bunch of adolescent young niggaz spittin' major shit
Tell me, young nigga if you died let me know
Would your heart feel pain, watching as your mother cry?
Would all your homies ride?
Or would they all get high, and talk about how you died?
Young niggaz on a mission to complete
Getting g's, packin' heat, bringin' havoc to the fuckin' streets
Nobody knows why he took a 4-4 and unloaded on the whole front row
Buck! buck!
Try to tell him but he act like he don't know me
Pull out his pistol and show
My lil homies

Chorus + Background talking

First to bomb, 16 on death row
Busting on them phony mother fuckas cause the big homey said so
Niggaz knew, I was a nutcase quick to blast
Living under age but he'll blaze on your bitch ass
Is there a heaven for a G?
And if there is, will I finally get to be at peace?
On these streetz ain't no peace
Shell shocked shows making money off of crack sales
Young black male
Unable to change, 'cause it's a cycle
Plus nobody knows, the evil that they might do
Lil' Moo, Big Yak, K-Kastro
Big Malc, Hussein call them Outlawz
Telling the world to be equipped, when these young mother fuckas rip shit
They don't quit, shoot down on me
Pull a pound on me
Bust like they didn't know me
My fucking lil' homies

Lil' homies on the ride
(What's up nigga?)
Niggaz gonna die tonight
Let's get, high tonight
(My lil' homies)
Lil' homies on the mash
(Lil' bad ass mother fucking adolescents)
Runnin' from all these punk police
Cause lil' niggaz run the streets
(My Lil Homies)

Lil' homies on the ride
(What the fuck you niggaz wanna do?)
Niggaz gonna die tonight (Die tonight)
(What nigga? My fucking Lil' Homies)
Let's get, high tonight (High tonight)
Lil' homies on the mash
(16, 15, 13. My fucking Lil' Homies)
Runnin' from all these punk police
Cause lil' niggaz run the streets

Lil' homies on the ride
(Juvenille delinquents ready to bust on you mother fuckas)
Niggaz gonna die tonight
Let's get, high tonight
(What the fuck you wanna do nigga? Lil' Homies)
Lil' homies on the mash
(They can take your shit over)
Runnin' from all these punk police
Cause lil' niggaz run the streets

Lil' homies

Lil' homies on the ride
(We robbing mother fuckas)
Niggaz gonna die tonight
(Thuglife)
Let's get, high tonight
(Outlawz, Westside)
Lil' homies on the mash
(You know what time it is)
Runnin' from all these punk police
Cause lil' niggaz run the streets

My Lil' Homies

Lil' homies on the ride
(You know what the fuck you gotta do nigga, Outlawz nigga)
Niggaz gonna die tonight
(My Lil' Homies)
Let's get, high tonight
Yo Quiero
Yo Quiero Cojer
Yo Quiero Cojer
(Spanish: I wanna fuck you)
I'll let your ass have it
Take care of business
Oh for real
Ghetto chorette

(Verse 1 - Tupac)
Now you been acting like you want it for a long time
All up in a nigga face, giving me them strong vibes
Look in my eyes and you'll find peace
A Gemini so you really blow my mind freak
C'mon
I got my clothes off, hard as a nigga in jail
Skinny niggaz throw the dick well
Everybody get they condoms, rubber 'cause it's time to fuck
Hurry up and put it on nigga time is up
What's next? Got my mind on some group sex
Where you going baby I ain't even through yet
Do it like a true vet, love it how I threw it to ya
In and out make it good to ya
Remember me?
I love fucking slow with the lights low
Black, Puerto Rican, even white hoes
Felice Amor, Que Linda, Dame Veso
(Spanish: Sweet love, you're a cutie, give me a kiss)
Come to poppy
Fuckin' till the shit is sloppy (sloppy)
If you really want it

(If you really want it)
Tupac you know
If you really want it (x6)
(If you really want it)
I really want it
Yeah

All right, all my real niggaz and my real bitches, let me see you do it like this
C'Mon

Rock ya, body body x7
We came to
Rock ya, body body x7
We came to

(Verse 2 - SKG)
Daddy rock a playa body till I tell you to stop
Hit the right spot, if not, leave some money and kick rocks
I'm a thug hoe, I need a thug nigga up inside me
A playa that can ride me, a cat that can buy me
Make a jazzy hoe like me, bust a sweat
Hit it from the back, grab me by my neck
Demand your respect
I'm not an on my back hoe
I rock a dick and hit it to the core
Bustin', twisting nuts (censored), hit 'em up
I'm a Sagittarius freak
My real hoes feel me
Legs open wide, nigga dick inside
I barely ride tonight's the night for you to hit it doggy style
Lay me on my stomach while I'm counting out hundreds
Fake bitches front like they don't wanna keep it real
But you know you want a thug nigga just to see how it feel
Hoes wanna rock Gabbana, Dolce and Versace
Let me rock your body mouth on my (censored) call you papi

Rock ya, body body
Rock ya, body
(Yeah)
Rock ya, body body
Rock ya, body

(Yeah)
Ya like that?
Yeah. Yeah.
Rock ya, body body
Rock ya, body
(Y'all want that)
Rock ya, body body
Rock ya, body
Yeah. Yeah. Y'all feel me
Damn
Rock ya, body
Do it. Do it.
Rock ya, body
Do it. Do it.

Yeah, uh, c'mon, uh.

Rock ya, body body x6
Yeah, I'm a hit it too
Rock ya, body body x3
Rock

(Verse 3 - Tupac)
See, it all started simple
Turning me licking your nipples
Fucking you doggy style to this instrumental
Hands up
All up inside your head
I could stand you
Eyes open
I don't plan to bust, just hold on
Baby let me zone in
What do you mean, can you scream, let it go, biatch
How does it feel?
Gotta nigga like steel in ya
To keep going on, fucking like I'm killing ya
Lets go another round
Baby is you down really
Two shots of esctasy
Lick a nigga down silly
Your body next to me
I can touch you inside, and you'll cry
So good when a nigga leave, you'll die
My mama told baby be a man put it on a hit
On bitches like switches coming around the corner
I wanna let me get my ride on
It's your dick baby but it's my song
If you really want it

Rock ya, body body
Rock ya, body
Rock ya, body body
If you really want it
If you really want it

(Tupac talking)
Gotta send this out to all the freaky bitches
Definitely all the Scorpio's and the Gemini's, and the Virgo's
You know I know the truth about you Scorpio's and you Virgo's
No doubt gotta give it to the Capricorns
They some freaks too on the down down
The Libra's, they like it even but they still like fucking.
No doubt.
Aquarius's, Libra's, that said though
Leos, they some freaks
Leos is freaks, they always wanna run shit in bed
Sagittarius, Taurus, Cancers
All you freaky fucks
I'm a Zodiac fucker I do you all one at a time and all down the line
Let's get busy
(Verse 1 - Tupac)
I was so money orientated initiated as a thug
Fiending for wicked adventures ambitious as I was
Picture a nigga on the verge of living insane
I sold my soul for a chance to kick it and bang
Now tell me if I'm wrong, but saying fuck the world got ya deeper in my songs
Drinking till I hurl, spending money till it's gone, it's the good life
Baby niggaz got it going on
No maybe if I died and came back, wouldn't have to slang crack
Addicted the game, so obviously we came strapped
Please forgive me for my wicked ways
Fuck a bitch
Bad boys eat a dick a day bumping this
Lord have mercy it's a slaughter
So wicked that my tracks is wetting niggaz like it's water
I learned my lessons as a thug in these wicked as hood fights
But I'm a baller now
Nigga
I live the good life

This is the good life
Fuck my foes
God bless the dumb niggaz
That trust the hoes
I found a way to stack money
Guaranteed to rise
I live the good good life
Cause thug niggaz don't die

(Verse 2 - Big Syke)
No one knows, what the future holds, for you, huh huh
Listen closely
They say reach in your heart and you will find your mind
Everyday in these streets, got my foresight blind
My after time is now, peeping down the barrel of a fo'
Just a nigga or a killer I don't know, so
Who makes the call?
Will I fall a victim like the rest?
Slug in the chest, one in the dome and make sure I'm gone
Send me home all alone in these cold streets
The desperation, constantly drinking and I can't sleep
Make deep tryin' to survive, some wanna die I wanna stay alive
Eyes on the prize let me modify this whole region
I declare this sucka ducking season
Ya need a reason, why she turned into a softy
After living so loftly
It cost me my soul out of control in the Devil's world
Me, and my niggaz and my girl
Living the good life


(Verse 3 - EDI)
I spend my days and nights, not knowing if strays in flight
Will finally catch me
It's the good life can ya hear me
Cleary, over the edge, soon as I wake up
Last night we off the hook doing way too much
But it's the fast lane on that, big dealing, big sinnin', all for the money
Some kill, some squeal, all for the money
Most ain't even real but we still call them homies
Now what the fuck is that fake love, fake thugs all in the game
I watch 'em all plot and fall, while I come up again
Outlaw never surrender is the call when the day is comin'
But this nigga get to running for my click get to gunnin
Str8 in the mist of all this stress and pain
We're trying to get a hold of the game
Living that good life
To my unborn child
To my unborn, child
In case I don't make it
Just remember daddy loves you
I did everything I could to make things good for you
So don't worry about it
To my unborn
You know daddy loves you

Now ever since my birth, I been cursed since I was born to wile
In case I never get to holler at my unborn child
Many things learned in prison
Blessed to be still living
Trying to earn every penny that I'm gettin'
Reminiscin' to the beginning of my mission
When I was conceived and became to be in this position
My mama was a panther, loud
Single parent but she growled
When she witnessed baby boy ripping wild
I went to school but I dropped out
And left the house cause my momma says I'm good for nothing
So I'm out, since I only got one life to live
God forgive me for my sins
Let me make it and I'll never steal again
Or deal again
My only friend is my misery
Wanting revenge for the agony they did to me
See my life ain't promised but it sure get better
Hope you understand my love letter
To my unborn child

I'm writing you a letter
(To my unborn)
This is for my unborn child
(To my unborn child)
Wanna let you know I love you
Love you
Wanna let you know I feel this way
(To my unborn)
I think about you every day
(To my unborn child)
I have so much to say

So complicated to escape fate
And you can never understand till we trade places
Tell the world I been guilty to being anxious
Ain't no way in hell, that I could ever be a rapist
It's time to face this, cold world on a good day
When will they let the little kids in the hood play?
I got shot 5 times but I'm still breathing
Living proof there's a God if you need a reason
God believe in my own fate
Will I raise my kids in the right or the wrong way
Dear mama I'm a man now
I wanna make it on my own not a hand out
Make way for a whirlwind prophesized
I wanna go in peace
When I gotta die
On these cold streets
Ain't no love, no mercy and no friends
In case you never see my face again
To my unborn child

I'm writing you a letter
(To my unborn)
This is for my unborn child
(To my unborn child)
Wanna let you know I love you
Love you
Wanna let you know I feel this way
(To my unborn)
I think about you every day
(To my unborn child)
I have so much to say

Dear Lord can you hear me?
Tell me what to say to my unborn seed
In case I pass away will my child get to feel loved
Or are we all just cursed to be street thugs
Cause being black hurts
And even worse if you speak first
Live my life as an outlaw
What could be worse
Cause maybe if I tried to change
Who am I kidding?
I'm a thug till I die
I'm a ride
Maintain, touch base
Eat lunch
In plush places
Regular criminal oasis awaits us
If there's a heaven for true thugs
I'll see you there
And I'm sorry for not being there
Just know, your daddy was a souljah
Me against the world
Bless the boys and all my little girls
To the Lord I'm eternal
Resting in peace
Please take care of all my seeds
And my unborn child

I'm writing you a letter
(To my unborn)
This is for my unborn child
(To my unborn child)
Wanna let you know I love you
Love you
Wanna let you know I feel this way
(To my unborn)
I think about you every day
(To my unborn child)
I have so much to say

Please take care of all my kids
And my unborn child
To my unborn child
This letter goes out to my seeds that I might not get to see
Cause of this lifestyle
Just know your daddy loved you
Got nothing but love for you
And all I wanted was for you to have a better life than I
'Cause I was out there on a 24 hour 365 grind
When you get to be my age you'll understand
Just know I got love for you
And I'll see you if there's a ghetto in heaven
If there's a ghetto heaven I'll be there waiting for you
Take care
Run wild, but be smart
Follow the rules of the game
I know sometimes there's confusion
Rules of the game is gonna get you through it, all day every day
Watch out for these snakes and fakes
Snakes come a dime a dozen
Work hard
Study
Get your mind right
Who be the last mother fucker breathin
Tell me nigga
Tell Me
Who be the last mother fucker breathin

Stressed
I'm busta free
Enemies give me reason, to be the last mother fucker breathin
Bustin'
My automatic rounds catch 'em while they sleepin'
Now I'm the last mother fucker breathin

(Tupac)
Woke up with 50 enemies plottin my death
All 50 seeing visions of me shot in the chest
Couldn't rest na nigga I was stressed
Had me creeping round corners
Homies, sleeping in my vest
Shit, I'm like a hostage on this troubled block
Call the cops, a thug nigga screaming west side busting double glocks
Hittin' corners in my Chevy Suburban
Liquor got my driving up on the curb
Hand on the steering wheel swerving
Bless me father I'm a sinner
I'm living in hell, just let me live on these streets
Cause ain't no peace for me in jail
Getting world wide exposure
With a bunch of niggaz that don't give a fuck, riding as my souljahs
I'm just released, I'm on a war path,
Not your average dealer
West side, outlaw, bad boy killer
Complete my mission my competition no longer beefin'
I murdered all them bustas
Now I'm the last mother fucker breathin'


(Young Noble)
Make sure I hold my position, stand firm in the dirt
For all my souljahs gone, we burnin' the earth
Outlawz world-wide, we pack the block
Shoot rocks at the kidups, bust back for Pac
Ask Yak, he'll tell you that it's hell down here, stale down here
To many jails down here
Why you act like you don't hear me
Young Noble
Outlaw till these mother fuckers kill me
I'm still breathin'

(Napoleon)
We was raised, fuck this life
I rose my right
Holding on a tight grip with death in my sight
And the dark is my light, I'm sinner too
Sleepwalking is it true?
Walkin' round town with a pound full of bitter food,
Came a long way from my born day
Dead away, with this war play
Fuck friends, I'll say
Rather die for my AK
With these fag ass niggaz
See through glass ass niggaz
Only ride my dick and scared of my mash ass niggaz
Breathin'


(Kastro)
I walk around, with a knife in my back
Talk about a bad day I live a life like that
It's severe
And I'm losing my hair
Bless a hooligan
Catch me, I'm falling out flat
Yo I'm ruining
Breathin in sewer stench
No one give a fuck about me
I learned to like it like that
When I was still in mommy
Beside a seed that the Devil run from
In the belly of the beast, that's where the fuck we come from
And still we breathin'

(EDI)
Totally wasted, they want me to face this
Just lost two of my closest, man if one of y'all can take this
But I'm Makaveli trained, simple and plain
We number one mother fucker, bout to do it again
Shit, Pac still doin' it
You hoes can't ruin it
Two million every time we drop
I know you fuckers losing it
We moving in, for the kill
For a mil', holding steel
Hold the wheel
I'm bout to give these niggaz something they can feel
(Buck, Buck, Buck, Buck)
Fakin' real
But we the raw and uncut
Style biting
Thug Line niggaz
Give it Up
We Hit Em Up

And we still real
And we still real
Lets turn this house into a happy home
This is for all the homeboys that couldn't get their happy home
Lets turn this house into a happy home

As long one of us got it some of us got it
Lets turn this house into a happy home
You know how that is, stay down for me boo
Hold on

Now we been kicking it for quite some time
Remain beside me through these trials and this life of crime
We done fought so many times I forgot to count
I never hit you, not a coward rather leave your house
Remember back in December when we was tight
Sippin alize and crystal while in every night
In my bedroom, promise that I'll commit to you sometime
Kiss me every time you see me step inside a room
Promise to be good to each other
Plus I love ya so I know your gonna make a good mother
Just try to understand if I change in time
It's only 'cause I never owned anything that's mine
So I'm trying
You can stay with my mama but keep the drama to a low
Never call the police, I never call you bitch or hoe
We were all born hungry in this world alone
Finally moved out my mom's house
And got a happy home

Happy Home
Lets turn the house into a happy home
Happy Home
Finally made it outta moms house, and got a happy home
Happy Home
Turn this house into a happy home
Happy Home


Going through these hard times
Ghetto child of mine
I wonder if you have to suffer for your fathers crimes
To be honest it's a hard road
Just keep your faith in God knowing you'll get scarred though
Look at him walking and talking, a little child with my eyes and mouth
Father watch over little seeds help me guide them out
Had to change my whole lifestyle
Married my baby's mama made her my wife now
I'm trying hard y'all
Maybe in time, I'll be a better man
Watchin the older couples, handle it like veterans
Show me the meaning of together and forever we rise
If it would help our child grow then together we die
Why, question my love? It's so easy to see
Without my family all I'm left with is a shadow of me
After all the arguments and the nights alone
Now it's time to live the good life
Inside this happy home

Happy Home
Turn this house into a happy home
Happy Home
Finally got to live the good life, inside this happy home
Happy Home
Turn this house into a happy home
Happy Home

Happy Home

(Tupac talking)
All these problems got me gone
We got a family of our own
I just want a happy home
Turn this house into a happy home
No man's made to stand alone
I promise I won't do you wrong
I just want a happy home
Finally made it outta moms house, and got a happy home

Happy Home
Turn this house into a happy home
Happy Home
Finally got to live the good life, inside this happy home
Happy Home
Turn this house into a happy home
Happy Home

Hey
Turn this house into a happy home
As long one of us got it some of us got it
Turn this house into a happy home
We going all out, aight, we going all out, aight, we going all out
Watch your mother fucking mouths niggas

That's right
Fuck these fed Niggas Pac
Do it, Do it, Do it.

(Tupac)
Come hell or high water
Down to slaughter opposes
Just another lost soul stuck callin Jehova
Outlaw till it's over
Brandish my strap, back like a cobra
I stay drunk 'cause I'ma mad man
We're never sober
On a one man mission
My ambitions to hold up the rap game
While I plug holes in niggas like doughnuts
And still
Down to die for all my souljahs, like hillbillies
They don't feel me
So we fued
Bringin' war to the city
With each breath
Death before dishonor
Never let you swallow me
No apologies, your honor
A general in war I'm the first to bomb
With a squad of trusted killers quick to move shit, heavily armed
I'm similar to Saddam
Sometimes I question Hussein
Like fiends fighting for that last vein, stuck in the game
I hit the scene like sand storms
Then transform
Watch me, I take a figga of thirty niggaz, who all got me
While bitches wondering, who shot me, no love
Keep a grudge, shooting slugs like Muammar Qadaafi
Murdered my friend built a new posse
We takin' shots at paparazzi
Gon fly now
Nigga like Rocky
You got a lot of nerve to play me
Another gay rapper
Bustin' caps at Jay-Z
(Buck, buck, buck, buck, buck, buck)
And still avoid capture
While you all caught up in the rapture
Still after me I'm in Jamaica sippin' daiquiris
No doubt
We used to havin' nothing
Then grabbin something and bustin'
Wanted to be the thug nigga
That my old man wasn't
I came to a fear catchin' cases, litigation
Niggaz playa hatin'
Got me crooked in all 50 states
I'm screaming Death Row
Throwing Westside
Ain't no thang
We was raised off drive-by's
Brought up to bang
We claim mob
M-O-B., if you be specific
We control all cash from Atlantic-Pacific
And get this
I'm hard to kill
When I bill with this live spot
Father
How the hell did I survive, these 5 shots?
Live it up or give it up and like demons
Late night, hear 'em screaming
We going All Out

We going All Out
Bomb first till they fall out
Take them the war route
Without a doubt
War, which means, we all ride if it's on
Each nigga handle ya own, bring it on strong
If you got bills to pay
Nigga go all out
Busta's playing with your papes
Better go all out
Trying to see the next day
Nigga go all out
Obstacles in your way
Better go all out

(Napoleon)
I'm on my land sled
Walking through the belly of the beast
Feeling like I'm all out, drunk as can be
It's plain to see, who are mob niggas hiding in bushes
Claiming that they ride but they softer than cushion
They softer than bitches in worst way drowning in blood
Outlawz my blood brothers I'd die for these thugs
Say hi to these slugs
It's a shame how some niggas on the west coast
Who was riding with Pac
But when he died they went pop
I mob the Jers' to the fullest lots of west coast love
But after Pac stopped rapping ain't no west coast thugs
Just west coast what?
To my real niggaz stuck in these street game
These rappers like Jay-Z
Who be pumping Kool-Aid through their veins
It's true what I'm saying
Slap your soft ass to the floor
And watch my 4-4 put three holes in your dome
I Ride or Die
While these other fag niggas be biting this
It's all from my heart when I was writing this
Now it's All Out


(Kastro)
We all ride
And down to die
Who with us?
Speak up
Or get treated like you coming to kill us
They nothing but squealers
In this rap game swearing they rough
Tattoo'd up
And now them nigga swearing they Pac
Stop that and watch your back
We ain't forgot about cha
These glocks hot
And when shot would bring the bitch up out cha
It's me, Kastro
With the goatee
Walking like an OG
Cause all these fag mother fuckas owe me
I pray to thug lords, like the mother fuckers holy
Frontline soldier, till the heavens, hold me
I go all out
And if you real you real
Feel what I'm talking 'bout cause this game is real
I live it
Forbidden fruit and shoot till they feel it
Living proof Pac breed niggaz they can't deal with
Holler back, right back, and watch your mouth
Or get blood in it
What, we going all out nigga


Fool, you better go all out
Keep going all out
All my niggaz going all out
Without a mother fucking doubt

Ey, you niggaz just gone think you gon be a, talking slick on all these mother fucking records
And we ain't gonna say shit, now it's 99, this is a different grind, (Don't disrespect the Don)
It's still war mother fuckers
So lets see you act like you know
Ha ha, niggas
Fucking with the wrong nigga

My seductive introduction
Be specific, still elusive
But exclusives what I give you when I kick it
And I'm still lifted
Niggas can't get with Mr.Wicked
Picture me flipping
My adversaries getting the dick swiftly
Niggas is swinging wild but they styles miss me
You can bring that bitch with your whole click
And still get treated shitty
Business never personal, I'm up before the sun come up
I'm tired
Just a ghetto star
A drop-top double R is what I'm riding
Nigga if you was half the man your bitch was
Bring your artillery
When you come for me 'cause we sick thugs
No hesitation when I pull and blast
'Cause Syke was busting
Plus Bo had 'em ducking screaming get they cash
So...
So now I got the law on me
My phones tapped, so I had to send word through my little homies
Tell them niggas just be here when they pull the trigger
Shit
This is what you get, for fucking with the wrong nigga

This is what you get when your
Fucking with the wrong nigga
Ha ha, yeah nigga
Peep

Before I lay me down to sleep, I pray
And thank the lord for giving me another fruitful day
I wanna be a peaceful man, but still
When niggas come for me, all I can see is getting 'em killed
For real, it's how I feel
Perfect my thoughts flowing on these reels
Make my enemies deal with my steel, they caps peel
We still cool, but you played yourself
Give 'em the mack and make 'em spray yourself
Hey
Falling legends, clutching chrome 3-5-7
Putting two bullets to they dome
Wanted to die in heaven
While calling shots nobody real as clear it's me
Ain't trying to help the feds get a case for conspiracy
Murder my foes, get disposed of
We all homies till the death
So my true niggas show me love
God forgive me for my lifestyle
A negative figure
But why they fucking with the wrong nigga?

You know, it's like ...
Why you fucking with the wrong nigga?

I was raised by thugs
Schooled by killers
Learned my mathematic skills from real drug dealers
Tried to rise but they tried me
I guess they all had to die 'cause we tried peace
I die on these streets
Blast till they recognize
Still do or die
All my niggas getting high watching time fly
Best strategize on a way to profit
Best organize how you ride so they can't stop it
Then keep it popping a lot of busters wanna see me fall
I fucked your bitch and now this new shit gon' fade 'em all
My niggas ball, made a call for some backup
The little homies and my dogs in a black truck
Buck Buck was the sound
As they gats burst
No need for ambulance
Baby bring the black hearse
Shoulda never fucked around buster
How you figure making moves on the wrong nigga?
This what it sounds like
Bing, Bing, Bing
When you fucking with the wrong nigga
Niggas getting hit when they fucking with the wrong nigga
Fucking with the wrong nigga
(2Pac)
Ay come on JoJo ('Pac... hahaha)
Yeah that type of shit (maybe it's the thug in me)
You know what time it is (maybe it's the thug in me)

(2Pac)
By age thirteen I was buckwild, good at my knuckle game
Made it through a tough childhood never be the same
Walked in my daddy's shoes
No time to be a peaceful man had to shatter fools
That's till I put my eyes on you
God damn, sweetheart you got some thighs on you
Now I can't wait to get you home, get you all alone
In my bedroom, baby can we bone, and get it on
Tell me lady how you like me
And if you want it harder baby, come and bite me
But do it lightly; cause that excites me when the lady bite
And if you lick me right, I'll do it all night
Only got fucked by a drug dealer
Never felt the real passion of a thug nigga (haha)
Though I like the way you scream when you lovin' me
I'm goin' deep, it's the thug in me; so whatchu sayin' girl?

(Chorus: K-Ci and JoJo) *
A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you
I got a lot of thug in me, that I wanna put in you
A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you
I got a lot of thug in me, that I wanna give to you girl

* 'Pac repeats "Maybe it's the thug in me" at various points

(2Pac)
Moan baby when we bone it's on
It's so strong niggaz in the next room'll cum
I got ya head swingin', tongue kissin' as I hit it from the back
With the bed ringin' (haha)
Give me space as I lick ya face, stick the place
Synchronize so I grind when they kick the bass
Love fuckin' in tha mo'nin
I get ya wet and bust a sweat, then I'm gone
Left you on yo' own girl
Tell me what you feel like, blindfolded
I'm cold do it real nice - that's if it feel right
Maybe it's the thug in me
I pull ya hair while we fuckin' in the chair, when ya lovin' me
Up against the wall, you can have it all; just try
Bet my kiss, can get you high, don't pass by
Grab me by my nuts when I'm lovin' you
Now open up and let me put the thug in you


(2Pac)
Say baby what's your phone number?
Be warned, I'm like a storm with my own thunder, I make the room rumble
In and out long stroke, hold ya breath now
Close your eyes deep though - did you like it?
Ooh I'm excited!
'Cause it's a party in my bedroom, you're invited - c'mon now
Let me see ya shake your rump, tell me
How long will it take to cum, havin' fun
Do it one on one and we can all get involved
First y'all do me, then I'll fuck y'all
When you call me the next day
To get sexed by a nigga in the best way
Yeah baby it's a price to pay, only play in the fast lane
When you a hustler, motherfuck a cash gain
I gotcha goin' wild, 'cause I'm lovin' you
Drugged out with this motherfuckin thug in you


(2Pac)
I don't wanna be talkin', I don't want no explanations
I don't got no motherfuckin expectations, y'knahmsayin?
It's the thug in me
Don't be askin why I'm pullin your hair
And why I fuck so motherfuckin thuggish
That thug passion, y'knahmean?
Bitch, no mercy
What you scared of? Didn't you come over here to get fucked?
You ain't come over here for me to be
Strokin, and all that bullshit
You came over here to get fucked
Shit, if I ain't fuck you thug style
Bitch you'd leave my house talkin' bout, "Tupac can't serve me"
Won't have me crossed up in that bullshit, hahaha
Turn over! Maybe it's the thug in me! ...
Imagine if we could go back
Actually talk to the motherfuckers that persevered (hehehe)
I mean the first motherfuckers that came in the slave ships
(Hey, excuse me, excuse me) Y'know? (Look)

(2Pac)
We back for everything you owe, no longer oppressed
Cause now we overthrow those that placed us in this rotten mess
But let's agree on strategy and pick out enemies right
Who stands accused of the abuse my own, kind do right
Pardon, not disregardin what you thinkin' but you musta been the ship
Cause once I rip your whole shit is sinkin
Supreme ideology, you claim to hold
Claimin that we all drug dealers with empty souls
That used to tempt me to roll, commit to violence
In the midst of an act of war, witnesses left silent
Shatter, black talon style, thoughts I throw
It remains in your brain then of course it grows
Maybe, even your babies can produce and rise
Picture a life where black babies can survive past five
But we must have hope, quotin the reverand from the pulpit
Refuse to turn the other cheek we must defeat the evil culprit
Lace me with words of destruction and I'll explode
But supply me with the will to survive, and watch the world grow
This ain't bout talkin' bout problems, I bring solutions
Where's the restitution, stipulated through the constitution
You violated, now I'm back to haunt your nights
Listen to the screams, of the lives you sacrificed
And in case you don't know, ghetto born black seeds still grow
We comin' back, for everything you owe

(Chorus: sung)
I'm comin' collectin the shit that belong to me
Motherfuckers are runnin' and duckin
I'm a crazy nigga on a mission wit a bad mentality
Armed with missiles guns grenades
Pull out the pin, free I'm comin'

(2Pac over Chorus)
How do you plead Mr. Shakur, how do you plead?
How do I plead?
Yes sir, how do you plead?
Shit, you know how I plead
C'mon!
Psssh

(2Pac)
Not guilty on the grounds of insanity it was them or me
Bustin' at my innocent family, say they lookin' for ki's
I was home alone, blind to the prelude
Bust in, talkin' bout, Where is the quaaludes? What you say fool?
Where in the hell is the search warrant?
No feedback is what he uttered, before he screamed Nigga motherfucker
Dropped me to my knees I proceed to bleed
Sufferin a rain of blows to my hands and knees
Will I survive, is God watchin?
I grab his gat and bust in self - defense, my only option, God damn
Now they got me goin' to the county jail
And my family can't pay this outrageous bail
Try to offer me a deal, they told me if I squeal
Move me, and my people, to a mansion in Brazil
Not me, so this is how it ends, no friends
I'll be stressed and they just, reposessed my Benz
Told the judge it was self - defense, he won't listen
So I'm bumpin this in federal prison, givin' everything I owe
Perhaps I was addicted to tha dark side
Some where inside my childhood witnessed my heart die
And even though we both came from tha same places
Tha money and tha fame made us all change places
Could it be through tha misery
That came to past,
The hard times make a true friend afraid to ask,
For currency,
But you could run to me when you need me,
I'll never leave honestly someone to believe in as you can see.
It's a small thang through and true
What can I do real homies help you get through
And comin' new he'd do tha same thang if he could
'Cause in tha hood true homies make you feel good
And happy times we be actin' up call tha cops
Bringin' tha cease to tha peace that was on my block
It never stop, when my mama ask me will I change
I tell her yeah but it's clear I'll always be tha same
Until the end of time


So take, these Broken Wings
I need your hands to come and heal me once again,
(Until The End Of Time)
So I can fly, until the end of time
(Until The End Of Time, Until The End Of Time)

Verse Two

Please Lord forgive me for my life of sin
My hard stare seem to scare all my sister's kids
So you know I don't hang around tha house much
This all night money makin' got me outta touch, shit
Ain't flashed a smile in a long while
An unexpected birth worst of tha ghetto childs
My attitude got me walkin' solo
Ride out alone in my low-low
Watchin' tha whole world move in slow mo
For quiet times I disappear and listen to tha ocean
Smokin' pots think my thoughts
Then it's back to coastin'
Who can I trust in this cold world
My phoney homie had a baby by my own girl
But I ain't trippin' I'm a playa
I ain't sweatin' him
I sex his sister had her mumble like like a Mexican
His next of kin
No remorse it was meant to happen
Besides rappin' tha only thing I did good was scrappin'
Until tha end of time


So take, these Broken Wings
I need your hands to come and heal me once again,
(Until The End Of Time)
So we can fly, until the end of time

Take these Broken Wings,
You've got to learn to fly, n learn to live so free
(Until The End Of Time)
So we can fly, until the end of time
(Time, Until The End Of Time)

Verse Three:

Now who's to say if I was right or wrong?
To live my life,
As an Outlaw all alone
Remain strong in this planet full of playa hataz
They conversate but Death Row full of demonstrators
And in tha end drinkin' henessey made all my enemies envy me
So cold when I flow eliminatin' easily
Falls to they knees, they plead for their right to breath
While beggin' me to keep tha peace haha
Well I can see close into achieve
In times of danger don't freeze time to be a G
Follow my lead I supply everything you need
An ounce of game and tha trainin' to make a G'
Remember me?
As an Outcast Outlaw
Another album out that's what I'm about - more,
Gettin' raw till tha day I see my casket
Buried as a G' while tha whole world remembers me
Until the end of time

So take, these Broken Wings
(So take, these Broken Wings)
I need your hands to come and heal me once again, (once again, once again)
(Until The End Of Time)
So we can fly, until the end of time

Take these broken wings,
You'v got to learn to learn to fly 'n' learn to live so free
So we can fly, until the end of time

RL:
If the angels come down
And takes me away
Memories of Me and my songs will always stay
Until The End Of Time
(Chorus 2X: 2Pac)
M.O.B., nigga 'cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches

(2Pac)
Thugs known to bust on sight
God bless my crazy life la vida loca homie livin' that thug life
Been raised in violence homicide's my lullaby
Came with the homies and learned to kick it until we die
Boss players you wonder why
I live the life of a ghetto kingpin, just let me ride
Bitches and niggaz in penitentiary suits
I send 'em letters and money orders and make 'em my troops
As for you females, I got no time, I gotta get mine
You cannot blind me addicted to a life of crime
My time as a shorty was full of car chases
While runnin' with John Gotti's and Scarface's
Niggas knew, I'd be the Don of my own crew
A million niggaz with automatics who swarm through
You wonder who shot me here's a clue, stay alert
'Cause we comin' for you, and keep it money over bitches

(Chorus 2X: 2Pac)
Nigga 'cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches
(Keep it money over bitches)
Nigga 'cause we mob on you tricks
M.O.B.
And you know we keep it money over bitches

(Fatal)
I blow you up on the spot, these glocks hot till you drop
All you wannabe cops, you don't wanna see shots
I beef deep with the police, peep what these streets do to me
Actin' all new to me I creep on you like puberty
You don't wanna see the bad image of this scrimmage
From here to East Greenwich through every state with a sentence
Frozen weight in the cooter, ten plates to soup ya
1 2's we oughta cruise right by the state troopers
When I'm drinkin' Crystal, start thinkin' 'bout Al
Bacardi coverin my body at the wink and a smile
Bag a hottie or two, cause butter shotties for you
I got more bodies than Drew, I drink (Minoti Anu?), fuck your crew
This type of shit I do for a petty hobby
Fuck the whole world it's Fatal dog against everybody

(Chorus 2X: 2Pac)
M.O.B., nigga 'cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches

(Mopreme)
My shit's phenomenal, droppin' like domino
Comin' with the real yo and fuck what you feel yo
This is not for all the freaks in short skirts
This is for my niggaz nationwide doin' work, get your feelings hurt
Lose mo' faith than a composure, money and the doja
Bitches is a cobra with deadly venom
Move as smooth as I get 'em, stackin G's
My niggas crosstown got keys
Hoes get diseased and fleas, for these enemies money over bitches
(Nigga!)

(Chorus 2X: 2Pac)
M.O.B., nigga 'cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches

(Big Syke)
I'm hittin sixteen switches, my money over bitches
The struggle continues I'll miss you on my road to riches
I'm contrived to strive never laggin
Disappear in the night with my 64 dragon, rag flaggin
As I get 'em up and leave 'em stuck
Pager blowin' up but I don't give a fuck
I'm fully stocked on the block, pockets full of rocks sellin
Loc'ers and smokers engaged twenty-fo'/seven
So what can you do for me and what can I do for you
But stay true, and do the things that we do
Blinded evil-minded no option for my offspring
Reminded can't find it complications what the future brings
Losin my mind why you sweatin me all the time
I'm caught in a bind, quality time on my grind
Rather be lonely honey and dodge you like snitches
I'm 'bout my riches, money over bitches

(Chorus 2X: 2Pac)
M.O.B., nigga 'cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches

(Kadafi)
That's from the time a nigga close his eyes I'm hopin, I hope he awoken
Payin' my own that's tokin chokin off-a glocks smokin'
Money and power watch these bitches 'cause they skanless
Gettin' niggaz fucked 'n' stuck from Timbuk' to Los Angeles
Ain't a nigga ruggeder than this grimy Heine' guzzler
Cowards better duck before my calibers start rubbin ya
Me and my troops play blocks in groups, runnin' in flocks
Deuce-deuce in my socks keepin' a watch out for cops
Gettin' kicked, I keep my mind on my riches
While uncontrolled schemes keep me choosin' my money over all my bitches

(Chorus 4X: 2Pac)
M.O.B., nigga 'cause we mob on you tricks
And you know we keep it money over bitches

(2Pac)
That's right nigga
Money over motherfuckin bitches
MOB. on 'em nigga
Keep your motherfuckin mind on your money, fuck these hoes
(Thug life baby) You don't need no motherfuckin bitches
You need some motherfuckin money
Get your mind right nigga, keep your game tight
Play right play by the rules and you'll get paid fuck the fools
We up out of this bitch here
We gone

(E.D.I.)
Biatch!
Uh ... World wide mob figgaz
World wide mob figga
(O-U-T-L-A-W-Z)
World wide mob figgaz
(For real, for real)
World wide mob figgaz

Check game little young punks
World wide mob figgaz

(EDI)
What? Uh, uh
Put your hands up, rich niggaz throw the grands up
And what?
I got a plot to get what's mine in the nine-nine
It's my time mother fucker try to stop me busting nine-nines
Wild ridahs all I see when I open up
Baby girl fucking you now, before I blow up
You know what?
I seen your kind before, high saditty but really like it raw
In the closet like a ridah type of whore by the shore
Not sure, of who to trick on but I'm collectin these vicks when I put the dick on her
O-U-T-L-A-W-Z
Fucking with a nigga living destructively, pump and pee Tuckin T's up in?
When I jump on I'm trying to handle my business full grown
Just soft niggaz, it's getting crazy after dark, where the real thug niggaz see ya are?
We world wide mob figgaz

(Young Noble)
We got niggaz on the front line living it up
We got ladies in the back street giving it up
Ain't nothing but a thug thang (thug thang)
World wide mob figga let me see a niggaz nuts hang (nutz hang)
We got homies on the front line living it up
We got ladies in the back street giving it up
Ain't nothing but a thug thang (thug thang)
World wide mob figga let me see a niggaz nuts hang (nutz hang, nutz hang,)
World wide mob figga let me see a niggaz nuts hang (nutz hang, nutz hang,)
World wide mob figga let me see a niggaz nuts hang

(Napoleon)
Nigga duck down buck first, make 'em feel somethin'
Shouldn't (?) if you ain't kill nuttin
You didn't kill me now you gotta face a young man got chrome heavily armed
Outlawz did that, heavily gone
So we ride with what's left us, the best of us
Plus we wake up with our tech on us
We test yo' nuts in a heartbeat, sleep on the street
Obey the rules of the ones who want beef we'll eat
Y'all niggaz weak in a motherfuckin way it's so pitiful
I'll leave you mother fuckers critical
We heard the slick shit you said on fucking Too $hort tape
But you only stepped your way into an early wake, early grave
That's what you brave niggaz get for fucking with this
You had your chance to mob first you didn't you missed
Just switched to fake
Napoleon be the mother fucker last nigga with the gat to break
The last of fate, earthquake aftershock, is what you got
Fuckin' with niggaz that give a damn about hip-hop
This how it go in our family
Busting outlawz shit is what we stand for gradually
We world wide mob figgaz

(Tupac Talking)
World wide mother fucking mob figgaz
Weed smoking, Gun toting, drinking
Riding on our mother fucking enemies
Y'all know how we do it
A world wide mob figure

(Young Noble)
I be the Young N-O to the B-L-E
Last name O-U-T-L-A-W-Z
M-A-R was for starters, flee the whole cartridge
Your lady blew out the squad and the whold sausage
(?), Hitting donuts in a six
Sip Coronas when we bendin the corner, brothers hit
Urban legend, dirty third still reppin
Still double-S to bum rush your session
I get as dirty as birt, you just a nigga in a skirt
Drinkin' Squirt, punk duck, hit the dirt
Sprint to the church that you got comin'
Outlawz on the ride picture God runnin'
Ain't nuttin but a thug thang, bust your brains
Pac passed the rock so we tucked the game
Under our belt, we huntin the wealth, you fuckin' yourself off
Don't you know not to go against the Outlawz


World wide mob figga let me see a nigga nuts hang...
World wide mob figga let me see a nigga nuts hang...

(Verse Four: 2Pac)
Hey watch out man, look out
Known for doin' scandalous deeds, no handlin me
And nah it ain't the drugs it's the straight thug nigga in me
I swoop down and cause havoc
My rapid delivery, is automatic lettin niggaz have it
I've been labelled as a thug nigga
Since they don't sell my shit to white folks
Ship it to the drug dealers
And catch a catch a nigga world wide
A fuckin' mob figga West coast, who-ride
When we rob niggaz money make my squad bigger
But we ain't sell our souls
Bustin' on my enemies, murder my foes
At my shows I'm a nut, lights camera time for action
Now get to clappin to my cuts, a world wide mob figga


(2Pac ad libbing)
Hey yo, get that mother fucker right there
Hey yo, K, pull out man, that mother fucker and blast
Yo Mo, get over there, get over there
Hey yo Malc, get
Bustin' them mother fuckers
Hey bust on them, bust on that nigga
Hey yo Yak, c'mon, Fatal, let's get the fuck outta here
Fuck them niggaz
West Coast nigga, West Coast
World wide mother fucking mob figgaz nigga
We thug life
Nigga know what time it is
Get the fuck out of here
Any day, any day nigga, come on
Hey come the fuck on
We out nigga, westside!
Outlaw ridahs biatch!
(Reporter)

Good Evening (sirens in the background)
I'm reporting live from Sunset Boulevard
Where many excited fans have gathered with candles
(Crowd starts chanting "Tupac")
Awaiting the much anticipated release, of Tupac Shakur's latest album, Better Dayz
This is yet another post-humorous release by Tupac
Which, raises the question
Where are these songs coming from?
It's interesting how, the message in these songs
Is still relevant today
Even in his death, he's touching people with his lyrics
I can feel the energy in the air, as they count down to midnight
When the album will officially be released
Oh, hold on, I, think they're starting to countdown now

(Crowd)

5, 4, 3, 2, 1 ...
(Tupac)
Straight muthafuckin' ballin'
Part two-
Still ballin'

Westside...

(Verse 1: Tupac)
Now ever since a nigga was a seed
Only thing promised to me was the penitentiary
Still Ballin'
Ridin' on these niggaz 'cause they lame
In a 6-1 Chevy still heavy in this game
Can you feel me?
Blame it on my mama I'm a thug nigga
Up before the sunrise quicker than the drug dealers
Tell me if it's on
Nigga then we first to bomb
Bust on these bitch made niggaz hit em' up
Westside!...
Ain't nobody love me as a broke nigga
Finger on the trigger lord forgive me if I smoke niggaz
I leave my female strapped
Love fuckin' from the back
I get my currency in stacks
California's where I'm at
Riden...
Pass by
While these niggaz wonder why
I got shot but didn't die
Let em' see who's next to try
Did I cry, hell nah...
Nigga tear shed
For all my homies in the pen many peers dead
Nigga
Still Ballin'

(Chorus: Tupac and Trick Daddy)

(Still ballin')
Until the day I die
(Until I die)
You can bring your crew
(You can bring your crew)
But we remain true
(Yeah)
Muthafuckers still ballin'
(I be ballin')
Niggaz wonder why
(They wonder why)
You can bring your crew
But we remain true
Muthafuckers still ballin'

(Verse 2: Trick Daddy)
Now if you kneel and pray
And hope the lord understands
When he's gone the father become a dangerous man
Ain't crazy or deranged
I'm sane (I'm sane)
But when these kids go to spray him
Boy I won't be playin'
But clienteles
And rhyme sell's
Question is will you fuckin' niggaz ride for real
Bitch nigga this is g rated
Plus your homeboy won't make your street game fool daisy
I'm elevated to the top of this shit
Now fuck around and put me and Tupac on this bitch
And you can tell 'em thug life was the reason for this
And I'll ride for any nigga who believe in this shit
I'm still ballin'

(Chorus: Tupac)

Still Ballin'
Until the day I die
You can bring your crew
But we remain true
Muthafuckers still ballin'
Niggaz wonder why
You can bring your crew
But we remain true
Muthafuckers still ballin'

(Verse 3: Tupac)
Now everybody wanna see us dead
Two murdered on the front page shot to death bullet's to the head
Niggaz holla out my name
And it's similar to rain
Muthafuckers know I'm comin' so they runnin' to they graves
Watch!
Swoop down with my nigga from the pound
'Cause trick don't give a fuck when you coward niggaz down
Blast!
Keep pumpin' they worried bout nuttin'
Bustas thought we was frontin'
So we load and keep dumpin'

(Chorus repeated till the end)

(Trick Daddy)
Thug Life!

(Tupac)
Still ballin'
Muthafuckers still ballin'

Straight muthafuckin' ballin'(faded out...)
2Pac:
Fugees! Fugees and Mobb Deep tryin' to diss now too huh?
Hahaha! Well I ain't prejudiced, I don't give a fuck
This is what it sounds like - when we ride on our enemies
Biatch! When we ride on our enemies

Hey! Got some static for some niggaz on the other side of town
Let my little cousin K roll, he's a rider now
What they want from us motherfuckin thug niggaz?
Used to love niggaz now I plug niggaz, and slug niggaz
Am I wrong? Niggaz makin' songs, tryin' to get with us
Must be gone on stress weed, in the West we trust
To the chest I bust! Then we ride till the sun come
Shinin back to brighten up the sky, many die
Heard the Fugees was tryin' to do me - look bitch!
I cut yo' face, this ain't no motherfuckin movie
Then! We watch the other two die slow
Castrated entertainin at my motherfuckin sideshow
Bam! Set my plan in mo', time to exterminate my foes
I can't stand you hoes, uh
Now label this my fuckin' trick shot
My lyrics runnin' all you cowards out of hip-hop
When we ride - on our enemies

When we ride on our enemies
I bet you motherfuckers die, when we ride, on our enemies
When we ride on our enemies
Make sure everybody dies, when we ride, on our enemies

Eminem:
They think they crazy but they ain't crazy
Lets face it
Shit basically they juss playin' sick
They ain't shit they ain't sayin' shit spray 'em 50
A to the K get in the way
I bring Dre and them wit me
And turn this day into fuckin' mayhem you stayin wit me?
Don't let me lose you
I'm not tryin' to confuse you
When I let loose wit this uzi and just shoot through your isuzu
You get the message?
Am I gettin' through to you?
You know its comin'
You motherfuckers don't even know do you?
Take some Big and some Pac
And you mix them up in a pot
Sprinkle a little Big L on top
What the fuck do you got?
You got tha realest and illest killas tied up in a knot
The juggernauts of this rap shit
Like it or not
It's like a fight to the top
Just to see who died for the spot
You put your life in this
Nothin' like survivin the shot
Y'all know what time it is
As soon as 50 signs on this dot
Shit what you know about death threats?
'Cause I get a lot
Shady records was 80 seconds away from the towers
Them cowards fucked wit the wrong building
They meant to hit ours
Better evacuate all children
Nuclear showers there's nothin' spookier
Your now about to witness the power

2Pac:
When we ride on our enemies
I bet you motherfuckers die, when we ride, on our enemies
When we ride on our enemies
Bet all you mutherfuckers die, when we ride, on our enemies

Come take a journey through my mind's eye
You crossed the game, don't explain, nigga time to die, say goodbye
Watch my eyes when I pull the trigger
So right before you die you bow before a bigga nigga, now dry yo' eyes
You was heartless on yo' hits
Niggaz love to scream peace after they start some shit - pay attention
Here's a word to those that robbed me
I murder you then I, run a train on Mobb Deep! Don't fuck with me
Nigga you're barely livin', don't you got sickle cell?
See me have a seizure on stage, you ain't feelin' well, hell
How many niggaz wanna be involved?
See I was only talkin' to Biggie, but I'll kill allay'all, then ball
Then tell Da Brat to keep her mouth closed
Fuck around and get tossed up, by the fuckin' Outlawz
Before I leave, make sure everybody heard
Know I meant, every motherfuckin word
When we ride on our enemies

When we ride on our enemies
Make sure everybody die, when we ride, on our enemies
When we ride on our enemies
I make sure everybody die, when we ride, on our enemies
When we ride on our enemies
When we ride on our enemies
When we ride on our enemies
(2Pac Talking)
Shit, I'm a changed man
Hey turn the lights up
Still ballin', 2Pac up in this bitch
You know how we swing this shit
Look:

(Verse 1: 2pac)

By age 16 I sold to dope fiends
Not a drug dealer but I watched them closely
Until they noticed me
I got the feds wondering who broke the law
Fuck too inhibited for gun smoke I broke his jaw
Words harder than a fucking diamond
Mobile phone call to Simon, niggas trippin' homie, when we riding?
Fuck 'em slowly like Jodeci
I'd stick a needle in my eye
If I don't live and die for M.O.B
And fuck your homeboys nigga we can drop the guns
I hit your block and we can box for fun
Nigga one on one
Last to fall is a baller cat
It's Death Row why the fuck you think we call it that?
So if you knew me in my past life
Don't act like we homeboys
Ain't no love in the fast life
I switch gears on them jealous bitches
Who do you fear?
The game plan of a changed man
So what I'm saying is ...

I changed gears but I'm still the same old ridah
(Fucking with a changed man)
I slang a new dope to the world but the people still buy it up
(Nigga you fucking with a changed man)
All my real thug niggas go and get your hands up now, your gonna flip your hands up
(Fucking with a changed man)
Changed man, you dealing with a changed man

(Hey, eh, eh, hey, eh)

In drop top
Glock cocked
Got rocks in ma socks
Cops spot Watt niggas
But hard to stop niggas
Not if the gat niggas
Doughboys and hot niggas
Who might have shot niggas
But only by strolling
Out for respect
Now days they expect me to be in a Ferrari or the old Lexus
But anything you see flashin past and can't tell
That's me
Gauge on the Escalade back seat
Don't creep
But what you think
T.I. be in them suites?
But don't sleep
Get you hit from your head to feet
Hey you don't know me
I'm fittin' to introduce you to the old me
You walk in, explode it and leave reload
You don't like a record nigga - buck you, blow
But you will respect me
Or get it in your neck piece chief
No grief nigga still gonna let me be
Or get your insides exposed to the streets, nigga


I changed plans but I'm still the same old ridah
(Your fucking with a changed man)
Slanging new dope to the world but the people still buy it up
(Nigga you fucking with a changed man)
All my real thug niggas go and get your hands up now, your gonna flip your hands up
(Fucking with a changed man)
Changed man, you dealing with a changed man

(Verse 3: 2Pac)
A niggas so cold when I flow
Bow down to death row
Three wheel motion
Coming through coasting
Who's that nigga in the g-ride
Screaming out m.o.b
Nigga we ride
I hit the charts like a stick up kid
Number one in the nation
I fucked the world
The judge gave me probation
Faced with incarceration
Move tapes like it's big weights
Slanging to the whole nation
Give me mine or I'm blastin';
On every song
Murder my enemies
I'm mashing until I'm gone
One love to my thug niggas
And fuck a bitch cause a truce is to love niggas
Throw your hands in the air close your eyes and hope
You ever come against a mass of smoke
On Death Row
My adversaries bleed
But fuck 'em all till the talk cease
Fucking with a changed man


I changed plans but I'm still the same old ridah
(You fucking with a changed man)
Slanging new dope to the world but the people still buy it up
(Nigga you fucking with a changed man)
All my real thug niggas go and get your hands up now, your gonna flip your hands up
(Fucking with a changed man)
Changed man, you dealing with a changed man

(2Pac Talking) (over chorus)
Haha, everybody think they understand a nigga
Shit you niggas don't know me
Y'all know that nigga on the rap songs
Y'all know that nigga in the movies
You don't know this nigga in 3d
The real live right up against you in front of your face...(shit)
Westside
Outlaw immortals (hahaha)
Nigga you fucking with a changed man (hahaha)
You fucking with a changed man (hahaha)
I ain't the same, you fucking with a changed man
We ain't the same, you fucking with a changed man
We ain't the same, fucking with a changed man
Changed man ...
You a what? Bad Boy Killaz
(That's right bitch, Fuck em' all)
Hahaha yeah nigga, fuck em' all
(That's right bitch, Fuck em' all)
Fuck all you muthafuckers
Ay Yo Biggie Put your hands up

(Verse 1: Tupac)

Now I can make it happen
My rappin' is similar to muthafuckers
When they scrappin'
Blast and watch em' back up
Notorious biggie killer
Affiliation with death row
Niggaz get their caps pealed back
Fool this the west coast
Fuck a misdemeanor I'm raisin hell like felonies
Mr. Makaveli straight outta jail to sellin' these
Intoxicated we duplicated but never faded
Now that we made it my adversaries is player hatin'
Got a Mercedes for these tricks
That thought I quit
Then got a drop top jag for these bitches that's on my dick
Go to a club in a pack
I'm smokin' bud in the back
I wait for niggaz to trip
Cause bitch I love to scrap
Now mama raised me as a thug nigga
With love niggaz
I'm a millionaire started as a drug dealer
I went from rocks to zines
Writing raps and movies
I went from trustin these tricks now they all want to sue me
So Fuck em' all


(That's right bitch, Fuck em' all)
(Young Noble) Come put your hands up in the air, it's a middle finger affair, yeah
(That's right bitch, Fuck em' all)

(Verse 2: Kadafi)

Now could you picture my criminal status at its fuckin' peak
Even the baddest be gettin' murdered in they seats
I'm addicted to these streets
Like crack is to these creeps
Seein' visions of a prison
Wake up screamin' in my sleep
Is there a heaven in this hell
A possibility of livin' well
But if they killin' me
I get my stripes and whose to tell
Choosing to sell
I'd rather die and be deceased
World mob figga addicted to these fucking streets

(Verse 3: Edi)

Now put your muthafucking hands up
If you'se a rider (ride)
Niggaz ain't killers
So they hidin'
Why?
Fuck em' all, touch em' all
That's the way that we do it
Ride up, hop the fuck out watch that bitch nigga lose it
Man I'm as strong as this game
Y'all be knowing my name (Edi)
A young high strung thug nigga
Created by pain
Livin' my life in the fast lane
Gettin' fucked by the past
Got my mind on my cash and my next piece of ass
So fuck em' all


(That's right bitch, Fuck em' all)
(Young noble) Come put your hands up in the air, It's a middle finger
Affair, yeah
(That's right bitch, Fuck em' all)
(Young noble) I do my girl all by my lonely, don't need no phony homey to
Call me
(That's right bitch, Fuck em' all)
(Young noble) Back off I hit at everyone of you homies, so don't get
Comfortable, I'm runnin' you
(That's right bitch, Fuck em' all)
(Young noble) Nigga, we Outlaw ridah'z don't give a fuck if ya love us we
Thuggin'

(Verse 4: Tupac)

I got glad bags with enemies
Cut up so they remember me
Soaked up in Hennessey
So they relatives know it's me
You can bet your last dollar
I'll dick em' and holla
Ridin' these hoochies
Like they some heavy ass Chevy impalas
Jump up and get your ass shot up
For the profit pick my glock up
I'm bustin' in self defense ya see
Poppin' nobody got em'
Holla Outlaw riders
Mash up on the gas pedal
Vacate the scene
Count the cash and stash the precious metal
Here come the coppers
The swat team and the helicopters
Them crackers is crazy
Why? 'Cause they'll never stop us
I watch Arnold Swarchzenegger
Bust some body in the movie
Now I want to do it too
Oh, oh niggaz is too through
True to the game
I claim Outlaw riders
We give a fuck what they try
I'm...

(Verse 5: Young Noble)

Cause Young Noble behind it
Can you picture me stickin' niggaz for they watch and chain
Kick back lil nigga
And watch the game
Get your mobb rocked and what-not
We keep it poppin' like a drug spot
The streets know what's hot
Trust me

(Verse 6: Napoleon)

Even my hood call me baby Malcolm X with the tek's
Shower some slugs on em'
I've got a brother don't rest
And he keep some drugs on him
Always in grind mood
Hustle to find food
Ever seen faces of death
That's what my nine do

(Verse 7: Kastro)

I keep my mind on my money
And my money on my mind
With my back against the wall
Like I'm runnin' outta time
Even rap with a gat
I must be goin' out my mind
Like I'm up against the world
This guerilla team of mine
Screamin'

Thug Life Bitch, Fuck em' all
(That's right bitch, Fuck 'em all)

And die for em'
Even if them the last nigga left I'ma ride for em'
Feel me?
Until they kill me, that's how I'm rollin'
Fuck em' all
Let them die
That's my slogan
Fuck em' all


(That's right bitch, Fuck 'em all)
(Young Noble) Come put your hands up in the air, It's a middle finger affair, yeah
(That's right bitch, Fuck 'em all)
(Young Noble) I do my girl up by my lonely, don't need no phony homey to call me
(That's right bitch, Fuck 'em all)
(Young Noble) Back off I hit at everyone of you homies so don't get comfortable, I'm runnin' you
(That's right bitch, Fuck 'em all)
(Young Noble) Nigga, we Outlaw ridah'z don't give a fuck if ya love us we thuggin'
(That's right bitch, Fuck 'em all) (repeat 2 times to fade)
(Tupac)
Now of course I want peace on the streets
But realisticly
Painting perfect pictures ain't never work
My misery was so deep
Couldn't sleep through all my preasures
My quest for cash
I learned fast
Using violent measures
Memorys of adolescent years
Their was unity
But after puperty we brought war
To our community
So many bodies dropping
Its got to stop
I want to help
But still I'm stepping
Keeping my weapon
Must protect myself
Promise of a better tomorrow
Ain't never reach me
Plus my teachers were to petrfied in class to teach me
Sipping thunderbird
And grape kool-aid
Calling Earl since my stomach was empty
It seduced me to fuck the world
Watch my lil homiez
Lose there childhood to guns
Nobody cries no more
'Cause we all die for fun
So why you ask me if I want peace
If you can't grant it
Niggas fighting across the whole planet
So we can never be peace

Will never be peace
Or all we all just headed for doom
Still consumed by the beefs
And I'll know there never be peace
That's why I keep my
Pistol when I walk the streets
Cause there never be peace

(Marvelouz)
No time to rest
They stressed out
I can't remember the days my homie was here
Now a days we live in fear
The stuggle is still here
So now who's grabbing there strap
Who's getting bucked wild
Representing the generation of killers
When I was a child had many dreams
Reality kept me and my homiez stressing
Tyring to raise my baby girl to be the strongest
Know when I'm doing wrongest
I never had a bright day
Just drunkless smoking blunts
Getting faded
Wishing my partna made it
If it was peace
Or ????????
I know there will never be
All my tears were shed
When I lost my homie number three
It's getting harder to see
Impossibilty should we just face it
Can't get through the pain
But still I can't erase it
So many trials and tribulations
Things we facing
Wicked days
Can't see no brighter days
It's time to chase it
Cross dreams
Cause the scene is when you never get by
That's why I got to stay high
You'll never know when you'll die
My heart will never leave the ghetto
I know to rise only in peace
That's why I say
There ain't never going to be no peace

Will never be peace
Or all we all just headed for doom
Still consumed by the beefs
And I'll know there never be peace
That's why I keep my
Pistol when I walk the streets
Cause there never be peace

(Storm)
Living life lonely
But I can't even cry
Cause visions of diseption
All around me
Got my eyes full of despise
Who can I trust
Why even try
They say the world is mine
But I know that's a lie
Living to die
Set up from birth
Steady dreaming
Wishing for better days
But all I see is demons
Close my eyes
Reminisence of my childhood
All I felt was pain from my arrival
No memories of nothing nice
Nothing but blinded reminders of my future life
I'm freaking out
I'm getting closer to that other level
Will I be strong with game
Or just the heartless devil
I hope I'm able to find peace in me
Cause there's a storm sixty four inches deep in me
And I try to do the right thing
But it's the wrong thing
That seems to bring me right back
To this dirty game
There never be peace
Fuck peace

Will never be peace
Or all we all just headed for doom
Still consumed by the beefs
And I'll know there never be peace
That's why I keep my
Pistol when I walk the streets
Cause there never be peace

(Tupac)
Shit fuck peace, on the strength to my niggas get a peace, we can't
Have
Peace, how the fuck we gonna live happy when we ain't got none, tear
Drops and closed caskets, these mothafuckas are smiling but don't mean
Much, why 'cause I got to be a thug, see drugs gonna turn this
Mothafuckn
Head out, all us niggas acting up, wild ass mothafuckn adolescent,
These
Niggas ain't got a childhood no more, how the fuck can you have a
Childhood when your at the funeral every fuckn weekend, you
Mothafuckas
Are talking about peace, niggas it ain't no mothafuckn peace, you
Ain't
Seen the news mothafucka, you ain't heard, little babies getting
Smoked,
Mothafuckas killing their whole family, little kids getting thrown off
Buildings, mothafuckas getting a
Young mothers
That's right
I feel ya (hey)
I know how it is
(MAMA's JUST A LIL' GIRL)
Don't nobody understand
I feel ya

(Verse 1: Tupac)

She was born a heavy set girl with pig tails and curls
A heart full of gold, still it won't change the world
Though she could never understand why
Some underhanded plans, witnessed a man die
Was only 15, should have been a beauty queen
Still see here crying by the caskets when here parents got killed
Little girl don't cry, 'cause even though they died
You can best believe they watching over thee from the sky
Never asked for this misery but look at what you getting
It's a blessing in disguise, when you find out your pregnant
No money, no home, and even though you all alone
You got to do this on your own, so baby go on
I wish you luck and if you need me, call
Just come to me and let me feed you all
I can understand the way it feels when you fighting the world
Facing all this drama when mama's just A little girl


Mama don't know why
Mama's just a little girl
Given that she is or not
Time ain't on her side
Mama's just a little girl
(Mama's just a little girl)
She gotta hold her head up high

(Verse 2: Tupac)

At 16 what a beautiful thing
The very essence of a jet black ebony queen
And who could tell she would get pregnant at an early age
She didn't listen, had sex watch her belly raise (hey)
Got violated by someone she dated
If this is fate I hate to see the seed she created
So we wait, though it takes time to build the body and the mind
She reclines 9 months then finally its time
What do we find?
A little groaning boy of mine with a tortured soul
Addicted to a life of crime had no time for the growing stage
He learned his values on the streets at an early age
Watch for police don't come home (why)
'Cause mammas acting crazy at the hospital about to have another baby
Like the rose from concrete groaning within
Blessed with twins how the hell can mamma raise 3 men
So we began close as family such insanity
A happy home for one act inhumanity
Plus mamas said the seed was corrupted
Used the rub her belly begging us to breathe if she love us
Now mama sits quiet sipping peppermint schnapps
Turned the house into a spot and made her watch for cops (hey)
How could mama bring a thug like me into this world?
She ain't the cause of all the drama cause mommas just a little girl


Mama
Don't know why
Mama's just a little girl
Liven if she is or not
Time ain't on her side
Cause ama's just a little girl
(Mama's just a little girl)
She gotta hold her head up high
(How could she raise us)

(Verse 3: Tupac)

Now would she remain in the same spot?
The gunshots rang, they came from the cane spot
Now look here I see her clutching her son in her arms she hurt
Her heart bleeding as she watched her seed die in the dirt
Fulfil prophecy but who could stop the grief?
I walk around trying to hold the world up on top of me
Probably be an innocent man but still I'm the victim of a curse
What could be worse? nothing but pain
Since my birth, taught me functions at the pen
Cause everybody's in paying back society I'm guilty of a life of sin
I watched the drama occur my eyes blurred 'fore I jet it
I wonder why we all have to die before we get it
Though we shed tears so many peers I done buried
Worried and scared knowing I'ma see the cemetery
Must be prepared in this cold world no one cares
No it ain't fair but we all there and do our share
In this land of underhanded schemes and plans
Vivid dreams of a nigga having g's in hand
Mamma told me not to be a punk
They ain't a thing I wouldn't do for my mamma in this world
Cause you know I ain't mad at cha you' just a little girl
See mammas just a little girl
(Hey hey)


*Repeat until fade*

Mama
Don't know why

And I ain't facing all this drama...(Cause mamma's just a little girl)
They asked us why we mutilate eachother like we do
And wonder why we hold such little worth on human life (facin all this drama)
To ask us why we turn from bad to worse, is to ignore from which we came
You see you wouldn't ask why the rose that grew from the concrete had damaged petals
On the contrary - we would all celebrate its tenacity, we would all love its will to reach the sun
Well... we are the roses, this is the concrete, and these are my damaged petals
Don't ask me why... Thank God nigga, ask me how (hahahaha)

Heeey
(Mopreme)
It was a dope spot front yard, one on one strapping
That's the way it was way before all the scrapping
Earned my fucking props from the G's in the hood
Put in work, did some dirt, never snitched, never would
Rollin' the fat Jaguars with my nigga P blowing up
Time coming back sipping Hennessey
Seventeen years old and I felt like God mad rich
And I had my pick of any fine bitch
And my family was known to be great, seen slightly more
Representing no matter who sets it on
Street power, why you niggaz flip and you thug shit
I be bout my motherfucking grip, nothing else
Gets between me and mine, just remember that
Damn it's a shame, but still I'm in the game
I'm trying to get street fame

I'm a superstar.., I'm a superstar...
I'm a superstar, made it by street fame
I'm a superstar.., I'm a superstar...
I'm a superstar, made it by street fame

(Big Syke)
Don't blame my mama, don't blame my daddy
I know they wish they never had me
In and out of jail by twelve, failing out of school
'Cause I was living by the street rules
Hanging with hogs, dropping dogs as a little loc
I was getting my respect but I was still broke
Into the game and expanded to the cocaine
Went from double-ups, to slanging them whole things
Focused on my mail name ringing like a bell
And even with no proof they gonna put me in jail
Everybody says he's sold and I'm outta control
Motherfuckers gossip but I still roll (nigga)
Bitches want my cash on my dash of my cockpit
They wouldn't know a motherfucker if he didn't have shit
So while I'm balling and kicking up dust, get yo' skull crushed
Bitch-made niggaz know not to fuck with us
'Cause I'm living on the edge, I'm blasting lead
Wanted by the Feds, they got to take me dead
So fuck it drive a bucket in the inner city
In the land of no pity, I made it by the street fame

I'm a superstar.., I'm a superstar...
I'm a superstar, made it by street fame
I'm a superstar.., I'm a superstar...
I'm a superstar, made it by street fame

(The Rated R)
I'm a super star, made it by street fame
I had to make some people feel the pain, in this dirty game
I know I'm on my way to hell
Ain't no yellow bricked road for all the niggas that I done smoked
The hood done took me under, a nigga gots no heart
Don't get it twisted 'cause I'm there with my homey's car
I kill for my niggaz, my niggaz kill for me
That's the love you get, from the drunk one, you put in work see
I'm a G with a gang of niggaz after me
Trying to peal me, 'cause I smoked they homey
What comes around goes around is what makes it worse
I smoke blunts all day to keep my mind off a hearse
They don't stop stop till my casket drop drop
Let me ride, but all I want, thou shalt not beef or die
And it don't matter if I rap or plays
'Cause I blow out back of some minds, fuck the fame

I'm a superstar.., I'm a superstar...
I'm a superstar, made it by street fame
I'm a superstar.., I'm a superstar...
I'm a superstar, made it by street fame

... Made it by street fame
(Repeat to the end)

(You want me to do what ?) What is it?
Fair exchange, Fair exchange ain't no robbery,
(I do you, you do me... haha)
Fair exchange, Fair exchange ain't no robbery.
(Everything's legal baby, everything's legal)

(Verse One: 2Pac)
Picture of perfection, the object of a nigga affection
Partners in passionate sex, a place to put my erection
Fantasies of you in submission, freaky positions
Pushing permanent twisting I'm on a mission got me on the mash
Tried to dig, you was screaming when I did
Steady yelling out spots for me to hit, and aww shit
Soon as I seen her saw us playing hide the Weiner
Wanna Freak Like Me, fuck Adina
Up and down is the object, side to side
Make you holler out my name when a thug nigga ride, can I come inside
Say you don't feel it that's a lie, you just scared to get this
Penitentiary dick, the trot caught your eye
When I walked by, I said, Hi
But you was so shy, I can't lie, damn near stuttered when you walked by
You want me to lick it and even worse
Got your heart set on me going first, and that ain't no 'Fair Xchange'

Fair exchange, Fair exchange ain't no robbery,
(Motherfucker, mutherfucker) (hahaha yeah nigga)
Fair exchange, Fair exchange ain't no robbery,
(Mothafucker, motherfucker)

(Verse Two: 2Pac)
Open your legs got me watching like it's a million
You tremble from the feelin' look up, 'cause I got mirrors on the ceiling
And if you willing, then we can ride until the sun shine
And just for fun, I bet you I can make you cum sixty-one times
Close your eyes, let me heat it up
'Cause when we fuck I refuse to bust a nut until I beat it up
Drop the top, time to fuck while the wind blow
Baby throw yo' legs out the window
Remember on the balcony, bend over baby bounce on me
And let me hit it where it counts and flee
Remember me? 'I Get Around', and I'm haunted by my temptations
Sexual participation, my motivation
Even though I like the way you work it
You don't deserve it cause you walk around acting like you perfect
Took a while but I finally got it, and like a boss player
Bitch you ain't doing me no favours, 'Fair Xchange'

Fair exchange, Fair exchange ain't no robbery
Fair exchange, Fair exchange ain't no robbery

(Verse Three: 2Pac)
Now yo' attitude ain't realistic
Yeah it's true I'm getting pussy, but baby you getting dick!
And since you being laced with the penetration
It's only right to show a form of appreciation
Instead of faking like you can't hear the bed shaking
In bed naked you so twisted think yoour legs breaking
You said take it so I'm blind in my passion, how long will I last?
Doggy style steady pumping on that ass, until I blast
And then I laugh as we lay back
See I wait till you asleep and that's the payback
Cause you acting like you did something, giving me a piece
I had you muffling your screams in the sheets, fucking with me
A true digger that love triggers, a thug nigga
Hustling bitches like drug dealers
Before I say goodbye, put an end to all the games
Here's my number for another 'Fair Xchange'

Fair exchange, Fair exchange ain't no robbery
Fair exchange, Fair exchange ain't no robbery
Fair exchange, Fair exchange ain't no robbery
Fair exchange, Fair exchange ain't no robbery
Fair exchange, Fair exchange ain't no robbery
Fair exchange, Fair exchange ain't no robbery
(DJ Quik)
Hey Pac, it's yo boy
Hey man so far I've been listening to your album
And I ain't heard nothing you could kick back and smoke a beady to
You know?

Yeah like that
Some of that mellow shit
Some of that shit that make bitches drink
Make niggaz think
And help you check a fat-ass bank, hahahah
So why don't you kick some of that shit nigga only you know how
Hahahah, feel me?

(Tupac)
I'm barely standing and plus my secondhand say it's midnight
Some Alize and Cristal guaranteed to get right
Like misdemeanours is a small thing
With DJ Quik in this bitch, I let my balls hang
Running through the street lights 'cause we like
Young nigga get your mob on show 'em what a G like
Around the corner it's like Vegas, or better yet like Reno
Niggaz popping, welcome to our casino
Cause you and me know hundred percent like a c-note
Looking for a bitch that's half-black and Filipino
And when I meet her I'ma offer her some Indo
Tongue-kissing on the window of a pearl white limo
Don't wanna be your man, I'm your nigga touch me here, I'll get bigger
While I'm digging I'll get deep into your liver
I'm game tight love fucking bitches in the same night
My words are aphrodisiacs if you say 'em right
The club be popping so I'm stopping at the Fat Burger
Look through the paper it's another black crack murder
The city's full of surprises, you can live or you can die
You can fuck on the first night, or try, in the 'Late Night'


* DJ Quik cuts and scratches this sequence 2X*

Last night... last night changed it all
'Pac) In the late night
Last night...
(I don't give a fuck, where you gon'.. be ... do it myself)
(Pac) In the late night

(Hussein Fatal)
Around my way we lamp, many styles get cramped
I clock rocks in the rain till my socks is damp
Ain't nothing like being a thug when I can just
Sit on the Row of Death straight knowing that I'm blessed
Hussein Fatal, flawless fatality
Overdosing on crime, three steps from reality
Get up to get down, represent the town
Last night was popping like like cocked glocks with hollow-tip rounds

(Kadafi)
From booty calls to bail sheets
It ain't no telling if I wake up in the county in my jail sheets
My intuitions and the bitches up in the late night
Probably involves me coming up with just to see another day
Might, If me who ride the bullet in these streets where a man journey
With crooked cops and a society who trying to burn me
I'm like a pit in a cage spitting my shells in a gauge
Deadly as aids niggaz getting crossed like a maze
Now picture me living my life like a king maybe one day
Chilling I'm living Monday through Sunday
Bringing the gun play for all these beefs and battles
When we collide I'm a ride on that hide like cattle
Cowards best to skedaddle in the late night


(2Pac)
Money and multiple gunshots are shown large amps are blown
Niggaz in low-lows, pursuing more hoes, then go home
The life of a California star
And when you see me in the drop-top Jag how many niggaz wanna be me?
Game is automatic mandatory I sell
To Live or Die, I survive, but with a story to tell
'Cause when you gettin' some riches watch for dumb bitches
They have you labeled a rapist before you get to tongue-kissin'
It's a mean world nigga you strapped, or be a throwaway
Will I survive the late night, to see dawn of day?
Nobody knows me, I'm a shadow
My army fatigues made for battle, pockets full of ammo
'Cause when I'm out in the streets, I'm on point, where the static?
Too many done died from semis, so now we automatic
I disappear whenever heated ride whenever needed
For my niggaz up in Clinton getting weeded
Continue to roll until I'm old, ride until I die
Supply long as you motherfuckers buy
My homies rolled by in a bucket, but they ain't short and ducking
Slapping niggaz known for telling bitches fuck-it in the late night
(2pac)
Haha, for all my niggaz in the hood (yeah)
That live the life of a ghetto star
(You KNOW!) Heh, you know how we do it
(Hahaha, Makaveli!)
Just holla my name and witness game official
Niggaz is so ashamed they stand stiff like scared bitches
While I remain inside a paradox called my block
Though gunshots is promised to me, when will I stop?
I hit the weed and hope to God I can fly high
Witness my enemies die when I ride by, they shouldn'ta tried
I send they bodies to they parents up North
With they faces, they wrists and they nuts cut off
Fuck 'em all what I scream as I dream in tongues
Fuck a trick, get me rich and the bitches'll come
Bust my gun, make 'em all scatter
Bullets to my nuts only made my balls fatter, eat a dick BEYOTCH!
Mercy, never that, you say you comin' back?
Bring it on, fo' whoever strapped
Introduce you to the pleasure and the pain, you can go so far
Just sell me your soul, and live the life... (of a ghetto star)

(Nutso)
I live the life of a thug nigga, drug dealer livin' game tight
Mug niggaz, slug niggaz for the famed life
Laced with game, practiced on taking pain,
Quick to slang, and let it rain through your brain,
Street smart, proficient, intelligent,
And keep suckers hittin till snitches start smellin,
Movin niggaz with telekinesis,
Keeping Channel Seven at work filming different features,
Leadin niggaz to an early death with they head blown,
And to those who didn't make it to the morgue, was just dead and gone,
And hope niggaz got punished,
Kidnapped jacked in the back with macs to they neck,
Rats waitin to get done in,
Tossed his ass out, mob related,
One more nigga found shot up with his dick in his mouth,
Printed my name in these streets as a motherfucking G
Now the next generation's looking up to me.


(2Pac)
Walkin' through the cemetery
Talkin' to my homies that was buried
See my enemies wanna see me dead, I ain't worried, forgive me
Please give me shelter, calm my fears
Lifted my head, from my hands, had a palm of tears
I see bodies gettin' splashed, with acid
Two shots rang from the plastic glock, wrapped in plastic
Buried the bastard, time to notify, his family
Shiiit, ain't nuttin left to be identified
Evacuate the crime scene fast
Why I heard the Feds had a warrant for my ass
Fly, I won't touch down till I see Tiajuana
Set up shop sellin them crooked cops marijuana
Label me a success, I made the switch
Retired from the life that never gave me shit
With cash that I couldn't spend, countless cars
An addict for a wife, my life, as a ghetto star

(Nutso)
Got the word that some nerds wanna plot on this
Hit the curve, let it swerve, had to stop they grip
No remorse, no repentance as I buck one down
Straight to the morgue 'cause I plan on, shut ya down
Born soldiers! -- Fucked him up with a mac folder
Torn ligaments, all up in that nigga's shoulder
And a vest couldn't protect that flesh
'Cause I got, slugs, to knock the air out your chest
Death, apparently they wasn't sucker free
'Cause I had all them wannabe thug niggaz in protective custody
I guess they heard that I got them birds
Thought I was a nerd till I fucked one of them to the curb
Luxury livin' lavish, with dreams of dyin' rich
With a team and clientele on my motherfuckin dick
And gettin' down on these snitch bitches, protectin riches
By givin' stitches, my life as a ghetto star
When I grow up I wanna be like dem (and live my life as a ghetto star)
When I grow up I wanna be like dem (and live my life as a ghetto star)
When I grow up I wanna be like dem (and live my life as a ghetto star)
When I grow up I wanna be like dem (and live my life as a ghetto star)
When I grow up I wanna be like dem (and live my life as a ghetto star)
When I grow up I wanna be like dem (and live my life as a ghetto star)

(Outro: 2Pac w/ Nutso talking in background)
This goes out to all you motherfuckers
That STILL, have to kill to make that money
All you niggaz on the block, sellin rocks
Hand to hand, runnin' from the police
I see you - live your life as a ghetto star!
Talk to the hood, claimin you gettin' riches
Runnin' from the flags... live my life as a ghetto star
Niggaz with two strikes that don't wanna see the third, I feel you
Shit, tired of getting shot at
Tired of getting chased by the police and arrested
Niggaz need a spot where WE can kick it
A spot where WE belong, that's just for us
Niggaz ain't gotta get all dressed up and be Hollywood
Ya know what I mean? Where do niggaz go when we die?
Ain't no heaven for a thug nigga
That's why we go to thug mansion
That's the only place where thugs get in free and you gotta be a G
... At thug mansion

(Verse One: 2Pac)
A place to spend my quiet nights, time to unwind
So much pressure in this life of mine, I cry at times
I once contemplated suicide and would have tried
But when I held that 9, all I could see was my moma's eyes
No one knows my struggle, they only see the trouble
Not knowing it's hard to carry on when no one loves you
Picture me inside the misery of poverty
No man alive has ever witnessed struggles I survived
Praying hard for 'Better Dayz', promise to hold on
Me and my dogs ain't have a choice but to roll on
We finally found a spot to kick it
Where we can drink liquor and no one bickers over trick shit
A spot where we can smoke in peace, and even though we G's
We still visualize places, that we can roll in peace
And in my mind's eye I see this place, the players go in fast
I got a spot for us all, so we can ball, at 'Thugz Mansion'

(Chorus: J. Phoenix + (Nas)
Every corner, every city
There's a place where life's a little easy
Little Hennessey, laid back and cool
Every hour, 'cause it's all good
Leave all the stress from the world outside
Every wrong done will be all right (I wanna go)
Nothing but peace (I wanna go) love (I wanna go nigga)
And street passion, every ghetto needs a thug mansion

(Verse Two: Nas)
A place where death doesn't reside, just thugs who collide
Not to start beef but spark trees, no cops rolling by
No policemen, no homicide, no chalk on the streets
No reason, for nobody's momma to cry
See I'm a good guy, I'm trying to stick around for my daughter
But if I should die, I know all of my albums support her
This whole year's been crazy, asked the Holy Spirit to save me
Only difference from me and Ozzie Davis, grey hair maybe
'Cause I feel like my eyes saw too much suffering
I'm just twenty-some-odd years, I done lost my mother
And I cry tears of joy, I know she smiles on her boy
I dream of you more, my love goes to Afeni Shakur
Cause like Ann Jones, she raised a ghetto king in a war
And just for that alone she shouldn't feel no pain no more
Cause one day we'll all be together, sipping heavenly champagne
Where angels soar, with golden wings in 'Thugz Mansion'

(Chorus w/o Nas)

(Verse Three: 2Pac)
Dear momma don't cry, your baby boy's doing good
Tell the homies I'm in Heaven and they ain't got hoods
Seen a show with Marvin Gaye last night, it had me shook
Drinking peppermint Schnapps, with Jackie Wilson, and Sam Cooke
Then some lady named Billie Holiday
Sang sitting there kicking it with Malcolm, till the day came
Little LaTasha sure grown
Tell the lady in the liquor that she's forgiven, so come home
Maybe in time you'll understand only God can save us
When Miles Davis cutting loose with the band
Just think of all the people that you knew in the past
That passed on, they in heaven, found peace at last
Picture a place that they exist, together
There has to be a place better than this, in Heaven
So right before I sleep, dear God, what I'm asking
Remember this face, save me a place, in thug's mansion
spoken:
The only way, for me to come back, is by Makaveli
That's it! All these motherfuckers stole from me
I'm takin' back what's mine

(Slowed Vocals)
(Laughing)
You motherfuckers can't stop me
Even if I die, I'm gonna be a fuckin' problem
Do you believe in ghosts, motherfucker?
Real live black... ghosts
Feel me?

Some say I'm crazy, these punk-ass cops can't fade me
Mama tried to raise me, but had too many babies
Papa was a motherfuckin', joke
Used to find dope in his coat
And nearly choked when he'd tell me not to smoke
Damn, don't get me started
My mama smoked so God damn much
When she was pregnant I'm surprised I ain't retarded
At night I can't sleep, can't peep
As they pass through the glass of my neighbors five deep
Starin' at the wall, heard a scream
Wake up in the mornin'
See the blood in the hall from the murder scene
Don't cry, just ask why, and try not to die
As I take you through a ghetto nigga's lullaby
On the corner, where the niggaz slang they crack
And the undercovers jack those that don't watch they back
(Five-OH!) I daydream about the dope world
Take a puff from the blunt and watch the smoke swirl
My Mossberg goes BOOM, what's another plug
Snatchin' drugs, pumpin' slugs in these other thugs
(GIVE IT UP NIGGA) Don't run out of breath
Every step could be death till you blast
And be the last nigga left, then I'll be ghost

Don't cry, just ask why, and try not to die
As I take you through a ghetto nigga's lullaby
Don't cry, just ask why, and try not to die
As I take you through a ghetto nigga's lullaby

A seven-deuce full of niggaz goes by
Thought I was trippin' the second time they rolled, by
Recognized the plates, the faces looked familiar
But everybody swear they know the nigga that's gonna, kill ya
Don't murder me murder me, kill a nigga in his sleep
Let me die as I rest in peace, deep
Back to these niggaz in the seven-deuce
A mac-10 out the window bout to let it loose, what could I do?
Run for cover and return fire
DIE MOTHERFUCKIN' DIE, hope yo' ass fry, don't ask why
But I let off everything I have
An empty clip, hit the ground as a nigga dash
On my ass was the motherfuckin' cops now
Barely breathin' tryin' to keep from gettin' shot down
BOO-YOW is the sound, bullet whizzed by
Still runnin' like a nigga got nine lives
Don't know why but I'm runnin' to my fuckin' block
Took a shot, tired of runnin' from the niggaz and the cops
Time to be a ghost
(Hey man, come the fuck on!)
And then we'll be ghost

Don't cry, just ask why, and try not to die
As I take you through a ghetto nigga's lullaby
Don't cry, just ask why, and try not to die
As I take you through a ghetto nigga's lullaby

(Tupac - speaking)
FUCK THE POLICE NIGGA! (laughing)

Child: Why you by the window?, what's wrong daddy?
Mother: I know what's wrong with that crazy motherfucker
He's just stand by the goddamn window
With that fuckin' AK all day
You don't work, you don't fuck, you don't,
You don't do a goddamn thing

I see death around the corner, gotta stay high while I survive
In the city where the skinny niggas die
If they bury me, bury me as a G nigga, no need to worry
I expect retaliation in a hurry
I see death around the corner, any day
Trying to keep it together, no one lives forever anyway
Strugglin' and strivin', my destiny's to die
Keep my finger on the trigger, no mercy in my eyes
In a ball of confusion, I think about my daddy
Madder than a motherfucker, they never shoulda had me
I guess I seen too many murders, the doctors can't help me
Got me stressin' with my pistol in my sheets, it ain't healthy
Am I paranoid? Tell me the truth
I'm out the window with my AK, ready to shoot
Ran out of endo and my mind can't take the stress,
I'm out of breath
Make me wanna kill my damn self,
But I see death around the corner


(When we were kids, belonging felt good)
I see death around the corner
(But having respect, that feels even better)
I see death around the corner
(When we were kids, belonging felt good)
I see death around the corner
(But having respect, that feels even better)

I see death around the corner,
The pressure's getting to me
I no longer trust my homies,
Them phonies tried to do me
Smoking too much weed,
Got me paranoid, stressed
Pack a gat and my vest,
Under my clothes when I dress
Here's hopin' I die the way I lived,
Straight thuggin'
Huggin' my trigger for all them niggas
That was buggin'
My homie told me once,
Don't you trust them other suckers
They fought like they your homies
But they phony motherfuckers
And even if I did die young, who cares
All I ever got was mean mugs and cold stares
I got homies in my head
Who done passed away screamin', please
Young nigga, make Gs
I can't give up, although I'm hopeless,
I think my mind's gone
All I can do is get my grind on, death around the corner


I was raised in the city, shitty
Ever since I was an itty bitty kitty
Drinkin' liquor out my momma's titty
And smokin' weed was an everyday thang in my household,
And drinking liquor till you out cold
And tho' I'm gone now, nigga it's still on- Pow
Bustin' on them niggas till they gone
How many more jealous ass bitches, comin' for my riches
Now I gotta stay suspicious when I bone
'Cause if I ain't sharp and heartless,
Them bitches will start shit
Excuse me, but this is where we part bitch
No more game for free, please explain to me
Why niggas trip bitch, who you came to see?
Murderin' now but see me later man, as for my pops
I got homies that will hunt you till you drop
I hope the Lord will forgive me, I was a G
And gettin' high was a way of gettin' free
I see death around the corner


This is for all the real mothafuckin' niggas out there
I know you ain't scared to die
We all gotta go, ya know?
A real motherfucker will pick the time he goes
And make sure he handles his motherfuckin' business
Y'all niggas stop acting like pussies out there,
All right

(Movie bites)

I'm tired off getting ripped off by guys like that

I want his family dead, I want his house burned to the ground
I want to got there in the middle of the night,
I wanna piss on his head
I want his family dead, I want his house burned to the ground
I want to got there in the middle of the night,
I wanna piss on his head

I want that son of a bitch dead, I want him dead
I want him dead, I don't care

Between you and Biggie was like who gon', who gon'
Who rules the entertainment industry, basically
I was like this, is like a fuckin' election, you know what I'm sayin'?

It is, it is that me and Biggie situation was smaller
Than that me and Biggie situation was like

Why am I fighting to live if I 'm just living to fight?
Why am I trying to see when there ain't nothing in sight?
Why am I trying to give when no-one gives me a try?
Why am I dying to live if I'm just living to die?

Check it, I grew up a fucking screw up
Got introduced to the game got an ounce and fucking blew up
Chopping rocks over night
The nigga Biggie Smalls trying to turn into black Frank White

We had a code dress to change our description
Two cops is on the milk box missing
Showed they codes know they got stepped on
A fist full of bullets, a chest full of Teflon

Run from the police, picture that
Nigga I'm too fat, I fuck around and catch an asthma attack
That's why I bust back and don't face me
When he drop take his glock and I'm swayze

Celebrate my escape, sold a glock
Bust some weight, lay back I got some money to make
Motherfucker

Why am I fighting to live if I'm just living to fight?
Why am I trying to see when there ain't nothing in sight?
Why am I trying to give when no-one gives me a try?
Why am I dying to live if I'm just living to die? (It's on me)

But still I'm having memories of high speed when the cops crash
As I laugh pushing the gas while my glocks blast
We was young and we was dumb but we had heart
In the dark will we survive through the bad parts

Many dreams is what I had and plenty wishes
No hesitation in extermination of these snitches
Envious bitches, they still continue to pursue me
A couple movies now the whole worlds trying to screw me

Even the cops trying to sue me, so what can I do but stay true
Sippin' twenty two's of brew
And now the media is trying to test me
Got the prest asking question, tryin' to stress me

Misery is all I see, that's my mind state
My history with the police's shake the crime rate
My main man had two strikes, slip got arrested and flipped
He screamed "Thug life!" and emptied a clip
Got shot runnin' from the police

Why am I fighting to live if I 'm just living to fight?
Why am I trying to see when there ain't nothing in sight?
Why am I trying to give when no-one gives me a try?
Why am I dying to live if I'm just living to die?

I was shocked at everything, know what I'm sayin'?
But I wasn't more shocked of him dying
I was more shocked at him

Pac is a strong dude, you know, I know, dude, know what I'm sayin'?
He's real strong
So when they was like he got shot I was more like "Again?"
Huh, you know what I'm sayin'?

He always gettin' shot or shot at
He gon' pull through this one again
Make a few records about it and it's goin' to be over
You know what I'm sayin'?

But he when he died I was like "Oh!"
You know what I'm sayin'?
But even though we was going through our drama
I will never wish death on nobody, you know
'Cause they be coming back from death
Aww yeah, uh, uh
Holla if ya hear me, yeah!

(Verse One)
Here we go, turn it up, let's start
From block to block we snatchin hearts and jackin marks
And the punk police can't fade me, and maybe
We can have peace someday G
But right now I got my mind set up
Lookin' down the barrel of my nine, get up
'Cause it's time to make the payback fat
To my brothers on the block better stay strapped, black
And accept no substitutes
I bring truth to the youth tear the roof off the whole school
Oh no, I won't turn the other cheek
In case ya can't see us while we burn the other week
Now we got him in a smash, blast
How long will it last till the po' gettin' mo' cash
Until then, raise up!
Tell my young black males, blaze up!
Life's a mess don't stress, test
I'm givin' but be thankful that you're livin', blessed
Much love to my brothers in the pen
See ya when I free ya if not when they shove me in
Once again it's an all out scrap
Keep your hands on ya gat, and now ya boys watch ya back
Cause in the alleys out in Cali I'ma tell ya
Mess with the best and the vest couldn't help ya
Scream, if ya feel me; see it clearly?
You're too near me -

(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."

(Verse Two)
Pump ya fists like this
Holla if ya hear me - PUMP PUMP if you're pissed
To the sell-outs, livin' it up
One way or another you'll be givin' it up, huh
I guess 'cause I'm black born
I'm supposed to say peace, sing songs, and get capped on
But it's time for a new plan, BAM!
I'll be swingin' like a one man, clan
Here we go, turn it up, don't stop
To my homies on the block gettin' dropped by cops
I'm still around for ya
Keepin' my sound underground for ya
And I'ma throw a change up
Quayle, like you never brought my name up
Now my homies in the backstreets, the blackstreets
They feel me when they rollin' in they fat jeeps
This ain't just a rap song, a black song
Tellin' all my brothers, get they strap on
And look for me in the struggle
Hustlin till other brothers bubble -

(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!

(Verse Three)
Will I quit, will I quit?
They claim that I'm violent, but still I keep
Representin, never give up, on a good thing
Wouldn't stop it if we could it's a hood thing
And now I'm like a major threat
'Cause I remind you of the things you were made to forget
Bring the noise, to all my boyz
Know the real from the bustas and the decoys
And if ya hustle like a real G
Pump ya fists if ya feel me, holla if ya hear me
Learn to survive in the nine-tre'
I make rhyme pay, others make crime pay
Whatever it takes to live and stand
Cause nobody else'll give a damn
So we live like caged beasts
Waitin for the day to let the rage free
Still me, till they kill me
I love it when they fear me -

(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."

(2Pac) You're too near me, to see it clearly

(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."

"Hard!" ... "Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" - P.E.
"Tellin' you to hear it.."

"Hard!" ... "The rebel"
"Hard!" ... "The rebel"

(Repeat 12X to fade)
(2Pac) Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard!" ... "The rebel"
Starin' through my rearview
Just lookin' back at the world
From another level
Starin'...

Multiple gunshots fill the block, the fun stops
Niggaz is callin cops, people shot, nobody stop
I wonder when the world stopped caring last night
Two kids shot while the whole block staring
I will never understand this society, first they try
To murder me, then they lie to me, product of a dying breed
All my homies trying weed, now the little baby's
Crazed raised off Hennesey, tell me will my enemies
Flee when they see me, believe me
Even Thugs gotta learn to take it easy, listen
Through the intermissions search your heart for a plan
And we turnin' Bad Boys to grown men, it's on again

I give a holla to my niggaz in the darkest corners
Roll a perfect blunt, and let me spark it for ya
One love from a thug nigga rollin' with a posse
Full of paranoid drug dealers, to the end my friend

I'm seein nuttin but my dreams comin' true
While I'm starin' at the world through my rearview,
See I'm seein nuttin but my dreams comin' true
While I'm starin' at the world through my rearview see
They got me starin' at the world through my rearview
Go on baby scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin' fast 'cause it's time to die
Gettin' high, watchin time fly, and all my motherfuckers
They got me starin' at the world through my rearview
Go on baby scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin' fast 'cause it's time to die (we)
Gettin' high, watchin time fly, and all my motherfuckers

(E.D.I.)
Now you see em, now you don't, some niggaz
Be here for the moment, and then they gone, what happened to em?
Well let's see, it seems to be a mystery
But all I know I never let the money get to me
Stay down like the, truest
Thug life until I check out of this bitch, I thought you'd know this
Who is, gonna catch me when I fall or even care to
While you thinkin' I see you lost up in my rearview
Half you, is down with them Outlawz
Outcast, left far, I feel like southpaws
But still we keep mashin till our dreams come through
Starin' at the world through my rearview

(Tupac)
Now I was raised as a young black male
In order to get paid, forced to make crack sales
Caught a nigga so they send me to these overpacked jails
In the cell, countin' days in this livin' black Hell, do you feel me?
Keys to ignition, use at your discretion
Roll with a twelve gauge pump for protection
Niggaz hate me in the section from years of chin checkin'
Turn to Smith and Wesson war weapons
Heavenly Father I'm a soldier, I'm gettin' hotter
Cause the world's gettin' colder, baby let me hold ya
Talk to my guns like they fly bitches
All you bustas best to run look at my bitches

Now I know the answers to the question, do dreams come true
Still starin' at the world through my rearview
I say
Now I know the answers to the question, do dreams come true
Still starin' at the world through my rearview
They got me starin' at the world through my rearview
Go on baby scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin' fast 'cause it's time to die
Gettin' high, watchin time fly and all my motherfuckers
Starin' at the world through my rearview
Go on baby scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin' fast 'cause it's time to die
Gettin' high, watchin time fly nigga can die

(Kadaffi)
Back in the days we hustled for sneakers and beepers
Nine-six for glocks cause fiends hittin up blocks with street sweepers
Bless myself when knowin' rules to these streets, somethin' I learned
In school, on some Million Man March shit for the peace
True that, only one life to lead, a fast life of greed
Criminally addicted, infested since the seed
We all die, breed bleed like humans, towns run
By young guns, Outlawz and truants, shit's deep
Turn eighteen, burn my will when I go
Burn my body with my shotty, or choosin' my dough
So while you reminiscin all nights out with the crew
Smoke a blunt for me too while starin' through your rearview

(Tupac)
Hahahaha, you ain't knowin' what we mean by starin' through the rearview
So since you ain't knowin' what we mean let me break down understandin
The world, the world is behind us
Once a motherfucker get an understanding on the game
And what the levels and the rules of the game is
Then the world ain't no trick no more
The world is a game to be played
So now we lookin' at the world, from like, behind us
Niggaz know what we gotta do, just gotta put our mind to it and do it
It's all about the papers, money rule the world
Bitches make the world go round
Real niggaz do they wanna do, bitch niggaz do what they can't

Starin' at the world through my rearview
Go on baby scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin' fast 'cause it's time to die
Gettin' high, watchin time fly, ya know
Starin' at the world through my rearview
Go on baby scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin' fast 'cause it's time to die
Gettin' high, watchin time flyand we'll be
Starin' at the world through my rearview
Go on baby scream to God, he can't hear you
Heart beatin' fast... time to die
High, watchin time fly, ya know
Starin' at the world through my rearview
Go on baby scream to God, he can't hear you heart beatin' fast... time to die
High, watchin time fly
(Yeah)
Bury me a G
Thug Life for life

(2pac)

Thinkin' back
Reminiscing on my teens
A young G
Gettin' paid over dope fiends
Fuckin' off cash that I make
Nigga, what's tha sense of workin hard
If you never get to play
I'm hustlin'
Stayin' out till it's dawn
And commin' home
At 6 o'clock in tha mornin'
Hand's on my glock
Eye's on tha prize
Finger on tha trigga when a nigga ride
Shootin' craps
Bustin' niggas out tha door
Pick my money off tha floor
God bless tha trife folks
Stuck on full, drunk again
Sippin' on Gin
With a couple of friends
Sayin' them thug life niggas be like major pimps
Stickin' to tha rules is what made it simp (Biatch)
And if I die
Let it be
But when they come for me
Bury me a G

I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my mothafucken riches
Even when I die
They won't worry me
Mama don't cry
Bury me a G

(Mopreme Shakur)

More Trouble than tha average
Just made 25 and I'm livin' like a savage
Bein a G ain't no easy thing
Cause you could fuck around get crossed
And get stuck in tha game
And for tha rest of your life you will sit and reminicse
Wonder why it had to end like this
And to tha G's you can feel my pain
Till tha mothafucka gets born again

(The Rated R)
You thought I was a game kid
I'm not tha nigga for playin' games
I let my buckshots rang
When I pull tha trigga on my gauge
I'm on a rampage
Makin' runs for tha devil
Ain't nothin' on my mind
But gettin' in some trouble
I'm tryin' to ride
No more loves
For me hard to figure
Get a nigga for some blunts
Or in some jewelry store (break that shit)
I gives a fuck nigga
Stuck outta luck
When I bust
Put me to my death
But I'm a G till the end of me

I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my mothafucken riches
Even when I die
They won't worry me
Mama don't cry
Bury me a G

(Big Syke)
I got nothin' ta loose so I choose to be a killer
Went from bangin' and slangin'
Now I'm a dope dealer
All my life paid tha price to be tha boss
Back in school
Broke tha rules I'm getten' tossed
Poppin' rocks on tha block was a past time
Pack a 9 all the time
You wanna test mine?
Don't cry
I die before they play me
From tha cradle to tha grave
Bury me

Straight up
Kickin' it with tha homies in tha hood
Gettin' drunk, smokin' blunts
A bitch said I'm no good
I gives a fuck
I spend my time in a dope spot
Never had no time for no bitch
Just slangin' rocks
And bustin' caps on your punk ass marks
Fake ass G's
Bitch niggaz with no heart
I'm stayin' real till I'm 6 feet deep
So when a nigga gone
Bury me a G

I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my mothafuckin riches
Even when I die
They won't worry me
Mama don't cry
Bury Me a G

(2pac)
Stuck on Full
Tangaray got a nigga high
Lord knows I don't need another DUI
I led a Thug Life
Heartless hustler
Just 'cause I fucked
Don't mean I trust her
Now my pagers vibratin'
Can't sleep
So I'm mobbin' to tha ho's house
Pumpin' Isely
Is it cool ta fuck is what I'm askin
Bitch recognize game and start laughin'
When I'm all in those guts and shit (Nigga you crazy)
Prayin' that a nigga don't nut too quick
'Cause I'll fuck and get up and let ya know
I'll be a 10 minute brotha for a $2 ho
Lots a ho's get mad and shit
I let a trick be a trick
You can have that bitch
'Cause I doubt if I change
Tha games a mothafucker
Real niggas turn ta bustas
Bury Me a G

I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta Keep my mind on my mothafucken riches
Even when I die
They won't worry me
Mama don't cry
Bury me a G (6x)

I ain't got time for bitches
Bitches

Tupac
As real as it seems the American Dream
Ain't nothing but another calculated scheme
To get us locked up shot up or back in chains
To deny us of the future rob our names
Kept my history a mystery but now I see
The American Dream wasn't meant for me
Cause lady liberty's a hypocrite she lied to me
Promised me freedom, education, equality
Never gave me nothing but slavery
And now look at how dangerous you made me
Calling me a mad man 'cause I'm strong and bold
With this gun full of knowledge of the lies you told
Promise me emancipation in this new nation
All you gave my people was our patience
Fathers of our country never cared for me
They kept my ancestors shackled up in slavery
And Uncle Sam never did a damn thing for me
Except lie about the facts in my history
So now I'm sitting here mad 'cause I'm unemployed
But the government's glad 'cause they enjoy it
When my people are down so they can screw us around
Time to change the government now panther power

Panther power
Panther power
Panther power

Tyson
Panther power from the strength that resides within
Go toe to toe with a panther and you just can't win
Suffered fame bats suppressed the rest
The rich get richer and the poor take less
The American Dream was an American nightmare
You kept my people down and refuse to fight fair
The Klu Klux Klan tried to keep us out
With signs drew they know no blacks allowed
With intimidation and segregation was a way for our freedom
But now we're impatient
Blacks the other skin: dead or sell outs
Freedom, equality, then I'll yell out
"Don't you ever be ashamed of what you are
It's ya panther power that makes you a star"
Panther power

Panther power
Panther power
Panther power

Tupac
My Mother never let me forget my history
Hoping I was set free chains never put on me
Wanted to be more than just free
Had to know the true facts about my history
I couldn't settle for being a statistic
Couldn't survive in this capitalistic
Government cause it was meant to hold us back
Using ignorant, drugs, to sneak attack
In my community they killed the unity
But when I charged them, tried to claim immunity
I strike America like a case of hard disease
Panther power is running through my arteries
Try to stop oh boy you'll be clawed to death
'Cause I'll be fighting for my freedom with my dying breath
Do you remember that is what I'm asking you?
You think you living free don't let me laugh at you
Open your eyes realize that you have been locked in chains
Said you wasn't civilized and stole your name
Cause some time has passed seem you all forget
There ain't no liberty to you and me we all ain't free yet
Panther power

Panther power
Panther power
Panther power

Tupac
As real as it seems the American Dream
Ain't nothing but another calculate schemes
To get us locked up shot up or back in chains
To deny us of the future rob our names
Kept my history a mystery but now I see
The American Dream wasn't meant for me
Cause lady liberty's a hypocrite she lied to me
Promised me freedom, education, equality
Never gave me nothing but slavery
And now look at how dangerous you made me
Calling me a mad man 'cause I'm strong and bold
With this gun full of knowledge of the lies you told
Promise me emancipation in this new nation
All you ever gave my people was our patience
Fathers of our country never cared for me
They kept my answer shackled up in slavery
And Uncle Sam never did a damn thing for me
Except lie about the facts in my history
So now I'm sitting hear mad 'cause I'm unemployed
But the government's glad 'cause they enjoy it
When my people are down so they can screw us around
Time to change the government now panther power

Panther power
Panther power
Panther power
I would share the definition of ballin' with you white folks...
But now...
The game is to be sold and not told
So eh, fuck me

(Tupac)
I'm up before the sunrise, first to hit the block.
Little bad mothafucka with a pocket full of rocks.
Learn to throw them thangs, get my skinny little ass kicked.
And niggas laugh, till tha first mothafucka got blasted.
I put the nigga in his casket,
Now they coverin' the basket with plastic.
I smoke blunts on a regular buck when it counts.
I'm tryin' to make a million dollars outta quarter ounce.
And gettin' ghost on the five-o, fuck them hos.
Got a 45 screamin' about survival.
Hey nigga can I lay low, cook some yay-yo.
Hollar one-time when I say so.
Don't want to go to the pen, I'm hittin' fences.
Narcs on a nigga's back, missin' me by inches.
And they say how do you survive weighin' 165
In a city where the skinny niggas die?
Tell Mama don't cry.
Even when they kill me,
They can never take the game from a young G.
I'm str8 ballin'!

Str8 ballin'!

Still on parole and I'm the first nigga servin'
Pour some liquor on the curb for my niggas that deserve it.
But if I want to make a million, gotta stay dealin'.
It's kinda boomin' round the way and today I'll make a killin'.
Dressin' down like a villain', but only on the block.
It's a clever disguise to keep me runnin' from the cops.
Ha, I'm gettin' high. I think I'll die if I don't get no ends.
I'm in a bucket with 'em ridin' it like it's a Benz.
I hate to strip let my music bump,
Drinkin' liquor, and I'm lookin' for some hoes to fuck.
Rather die makin' money than live poor and legal
As I slang another ounce, I wish it was a kilo.
A need money in a major way.
Time to fuck my BEEEYATCH! Hey!, and getten' paid
You other mothafuckas callin',
But me and my mothafuckin' thug niggas,
We str8 ballin'!

Str8 ballin'!

Damned if I don't, and damned if a nigga do.
So watch a young mothafucka pull a trigga just to RAISE UP!
But don't let them see you cry, dry your eyes
Young nigga time to do or die.
I keep a pistol in my pocket,
Ready on my block.
Ain't no time for a nigga to even cock shit.
And now they see that mothafucka beat pain,
At point blank range 'cause he slept on the game.
Ain't a damned thing changed
Shakin' the dice, now roll 'em,
If you can't stand pain better hold 'em.
Cause ain't no tellin' what you might roll.
You might go catch AIDS from a slight cold. Nigga.
Better live your life to the fullest,
You 'bout to kill a fool, got a pistol mothafucka better pull it.
Cause even when they kill me,
They can never take the game from a young G.
We str8 ballin'!

We str8 ballin'!

To my niggas in the penitentiary,
Loked up like a mothafucka when they mention me.
Cause you fuckin' with the realest motha fucka ever born,
And once again it's on,
I'm bustin' on these bitches till they gone.
Who the hell can you get to stop me?
I'm in the projects, parlaying with my posse.
I keep my glock cocked
I need it 'cause they're all shady.
I finally made it
Now these jealous bitches tryin' to FADE me!
I ain't goin' out I'd rather blast back.
I'm on the corner with my niggas watchin' cash stack.
And I came up a long way from food stamps.
And takin' shit from the low-life ghetto tramps.
Could you blame me if they sweat me I'm gonna open fire.
What could I do? Pull my trigga or watch my nigga die.
I'm representin' to the fullest givin' devil slugs.
I'm on the block slangin' drugs with the young thugs.
And mothafucka, we be ballin'!
All mothafuckin' day long, stay strong!
We str8 ballin'.
Rebel, rebel, rebel

(2Pac)
They just can't stand the reign
Or the occasional pain
Of a man like me who goes against the grain.
Sometimes I do it in vain
So wit the little bass and treble ain't missed a
So it's time for me to explain that I'm the rebel.
Cold as the devil.
Straight from the underground, the rebel alone laughs.
They came to see the maniac sychopath.
The critics heard of me and the aftermath.
I don't give a damn and it shows.
A when I do a stage show I wear street clothes.
So they all know me: the lyrical lunatic, the maniac MC.
I give a shout out to your homies.
Maybe then, the critics'll leave your boy alone, G.
On the streets or on TV, it just don't pay the be a truth tellin' MC.
They won't be happy till I'm banned.
The most dangerous weapon: an educated black man.
For point blank in your face, pump up the bass, and join the human race.
I throw peace to the Bay.
'Cause from the jungle to Oaktown, they backin me up all the way.
You know ya gotta love the sound.
It's from the rebel: the rebel of the underground.

He's the rebel: rebel of the underground (4X)

(2Pac)
Now I'm face to face with the devil.
'Cause they breedin more rebels than the whole damn ghetto.
And police brutality,
Put you in a nip and call it technicality.
So you reap what you soe.
So read the wrath of the rebel jackin 'em up once more.
Now the fox is in the henhouse.
Creepin' up on your daughter, while you asleep
I got her sneakin out.
Tupac ain't nuttin nice.
I'll be nothin' how I wanna and do it when I'm gonna.
Now I'm up to no good.
The mastermind of mischief movin more than most could.
So sit and slip into the sound.
Peep the rebel: the rebel of the underground.

He's the rebel: rebel of the underground (4X)

(2Pac)
They say they hate me, they wanna hold me down.
I guess they scared of the rebel: the rebel of the underground.
But I never let it get me.
I just make another record 'bout the punks tryin' to sweat me.
In fact, they tryin' to keep me out.
Try to censor what I say 'cause they don't like what I'm talkin' 'bout.
So what's wrong with the media today.
Got brothers sellin out 'cause they greedy to get paid.
But me, I'm comin' from the soul.
And if it don't go gold, my story still get told.
And that way they can't stop me.
And if it sells a couple of copies, the punks'll try to copy.
It's sloppy, don't even try to.
I'm a slave to the rhythm and I'm about to fly through.
Sold yo (ya-yo) to the people in the ghetto.
When ya hear the bass roll, go ahead and let go.
Now everybody wanna gangbang.
They talkin' street slang, but the punk still can't hang.
By makin' records bout violence
But when it comes to the real, some brothers go silent.
It kinda make you wanna think about
That ya gotta do some sellin out, just to get your record out.
But 2pacalpyse is straight down.
So feel the wrath of the rebel: the rebel of the underground.

2pac is the rebel: rebel of the underground (8X)
(Gunshot)
Yo, Red Spider...
Is that 50 Cent and Pac ready?
Lemme know, holla

(Tupac)
It's go'n be some stuff you go'n see
That's go'n make it hard to smile in the future

(50 Cent)
Yeah nigga... ha ha
Lets go nigga, dis is what it is
Tupac cut his head bald, then you want to cut yo head bald
Tupac wear a bandana, you wanna wear a banadana (what do we have here now)
Tupac put a cross on his back, You wanna put crosses on yo back
Nigga, you ain't Tupac

(Tupac)
Is it
Money and women, funny beginning's tragic ending's
I can make a million and still not get enough of spendin'
And since my life is based on sinnin', I'm hell bound
Rather be buried that be worried, livin' held down

(Snoop)
Yo, that shit is crazy Whoo Kid
Bring that muthafuckin beat back man

(Tupac)
It's go'n be some stuff you go'n see
That's go'n make it hard to smile in the future

(50 Cent)
Yeah nigga... ha ha
Lets go nigga, dis is what it is
Tupac cut his head bald, then you want to cut yo head bald
Tupac wear a bandana, you wanna wear a banadana (what do we have here now)
Tupac put a cross on his back, You wanna put crosses on yo back
Nigga, you ain't Tupac

(Tupac)
Is it
Money and women, funny beginning's tragic ending's
I can make a million and still not get enough of spendin'
And since my life is based on sinnin', I'm hell bound
Rather be buried that be worried, livin' held down
My game plan to be trained in
Military mind of a thug lord sittin' in a cemetery cryin
I've been lost since my adolescence calling for Jesus
Ballin' as a youngster wondering if he see's us
Young black males
Crack sales got me three strikes
Livin' in jail this is hell enemies die
Wonder when we all pass, is anybody listnin'
Got my hands on my semi shotty, everybody's snitchin'
Please god can you understand me, bless my family
Guide us all before we fall into insanity
I'm makin' a point to make my beatin' bumpin' raw life
Drop some shit to make these stupid bitches jaw tight

(50 Cent (Tupac))
Till makaveli return it's all eyes on me- on me (what do we have here now)
And you can hate it or love it, but that's what it's go'n be- go'n be
Shoulda listened, I told you not to fuck wit me- wit me (what do we have here now)
Now can you take the pressure, that's what we go'n see- go'n see

(50 Cent)
This is a cry for mercy, I promise
My success would be the death of you
Low and behold, you sold ya soul, there's nothing left of you
Look in the mirror, ask yourself, who are you
If you don't know who you are, how could ya dreams come true
Muthafucka, I sat backed and watched ya, you pretended to be Pac
You pretended to be hot, but you not, now (nowww)
I see it so clear, you can't take the pressure, you pussy
I warned you not to push me
You see me, and chills, run up ya spine
God made menace in war, but ya heart ain't like mine
And plus, they look at me like I'ma menace
I was playing wit guns, while ya momma had you and yo friends playing tennis
I'ma nightmare, you see me in ya dream
Wake up, and turn on ya TV and see my ass again
You cowardly hearted, you couldn't make it on ya own
Fuck the source, I'm on the cover of rolling stone

(50 Cent (Tupac))
Till makaveli return it's all eyes on me- on me (what do we have here now)
And you can hate it or love it, but that's what it's go'n be- go'n be
Shoulda listened, I told you not to fuck wit me- wit me (what do we have here now)
Now can you take the pressure, that's what we go'n see- go'n see Till makaveli return it's all eyes on me- on me (what do we have here now)
And you can hate it or love it, but that's what it's gonna be- gonna be
Shoulda listened, I told you not to fuck wit me- wit me (what do we have here now)
Now can you take the pressure, that's what we gonna see- gonna see
California Love

California love!

California... knows how to party
California... knows how to party
In the citay of L.A.
In the citay of good ol' Watts
In the citay, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin'! We keep it rockin'!

Now let me welcome everybody to the wild, wild west
A state that's untouchable like Elliot Ness
The track hits ya eardrum like a slug to ya chest
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex
We in that sunshine state with a bomb ass hemp beat
The state where ya never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens
Lean mean money-makin-machines servin' fiends
I been in the game for ten years makin' rap tunes
Ever since honeys was wearin sassoon
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me
Diamonds shinin lookin' like I robbed Liberace
It's all good, from Diego to tha Bay
Your city is tha bomb if your city makin' pay
Throw up a finger if ya feel the same way
Dre puttin' it down for
Californ-i-a

Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it mama
Shake it Cali
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it shake it shake it...

Out on bail fresh outta jail, California dreamin'
Soon as I stepped on the scene, I'm hearin hoochies screamin
Fiendin for money and alcohol
The life of a west side playa where cowards die
Only in Cali where we riot not rally to live and die
In L.A. we wearin Chucks not Ballies (that's right)
Dressed in Locs and khaki suits and ride is what we do
Flossin but have caution we collide with other crews
Famous 'cause we program worldwide
Let'em recognize from Long Beach to Rose Grands
Bumpin and grindin like a slow jam, it's west side
So you know the row won't bow down to no man
Say what you say
But give me that bomb beat from Dre
Let me serenade the streets of L.A.
From Oakland to Sacktown
The Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put they mack down
Give me love!

Now make it shake...

Uh, yeah, uh, longbeach in tha house, uh yeah
Oaktown, Oakland definitely in tha house hahaha
Frisko, Frisko
Hey, you know LA is up in this
Pasadina, where you at
Yeah, Ingelwood, Ingelwood always up to no good
Even Hollywood tryin' to get a piece baby
Sacramento, sacramento where ya at? yeah

Throw it up y'all, throw it up, Throw it up
Let's show these fools how we do this on that west side
Cause you and I know it's tha best side

Yeah, That's riight
West coast, west coast
Uh, California Love
California Love

----

So Many Tears

I shall not fear no man but God
Though I walk through the valley of death
I shed so many tears (if I should die before I wake)
Please God walk with me (grab a nigga and take me to Heaven)

Back in elementary, I thrived on misery
Left me alone I grew up amongst a dyin' breed
Inside my mind couldn't find a place to rest
Until I got that Thug Life tatted on my chest
Tell me can you feel me? I'm not livin' in the past, you wanna last
Be tha first to blast, remember Kato
No longer with us he's deceased
Call on the sirens, seen him murdered in the streets
Now rest in peace
Is there heaven for a G? Remember me
So many homies in the cemetery, shed so many tears

Ah, I suffered through the years, and shed so many tears...
Lord, I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears

Now that I'm strugglin in this business, by any means
Label me greedy gettin' green, but seldom seen
And ***** the world 'cause I'm cursed, I'm havin' visions
Of leavin' here in a hearse, God can you feel me?
Take me away from all the pressure, and all the pain
Show me some happiness again, I'm goin' blind
I spend my time in this cell, ain't livin' well
I know my destiny is Hell, where did I fail?
My life is in denial, and when I die,
Baptized in eternal fire I'll shed so many tears

Lord, I suffered through the years, and shed so many tears...
Lord, I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears

Now I'm lost and I'm weary, so many tears
I'm suicidal, so don't stand near me
My every move is a calculated step, to bring me closer
To embrace an early death, now there's nothin' left
There was no mercy on the streets, I couldn't rest
I'm barely standin, bout to go to pieces, screamin peace
And though my soul was deleted, I couldn't see it
I had my mind full of demons tryin' to break free
They planted seeds and they hatched, sparkin the flame
Inside my brain like a match, such a dirty game
No memories, just a misery
Paintin a picture of my enemies killin' me, in my sleep
Will I survive till the mo'nin, to see the sun
Please Lord forgive me for my sins, cause here I come...

Lord, I suffered through the years (God) and shed so many tears...
God, I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears

Lord knows I... tried, been a witness to homicide
Seen drivebys takin' lives, little kids die
Wonder why as I walk by
Broken-hearted as I glance at the chalk line, gettin' high
This ain't the life for me, I wanna change
But ain't no future right for me, I'm stuck in the game
I'm trapped inside a maze
See this Tanqueray influenced me to gettin' crazy
Disillusioned lately, I've been really wantin babies
So I could see a part of me that wasn't always shady
Don't trust my lady, 'cause she's a product of this poison
I'm hearin noises, think she *****in all my boys, can't take no more
I'm fallin' to the floor; beggin for the Lord to let me in
To Heaven's door -- shed so many tears
(Dear God, please let me in)

Lord, I've lost so many years, and shed so many tears...
I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears
Lord, I suffered through the years, and shed so many tears...
God, I lost so many peers, and shed so many tears
(Reporter)

Good Evening (sirens in the background)
I'm reporting live from Sunset Boulevard
Where many excited fans have gathered with candles
(Crowd starts chanting "Tupac")
Awaiting the much anticipated release, of Tupac Shakur's latest album, Better Dayz
This is yet another post-humorous release by Tupac
Which, raises the question
Where are these songs coming from?
It's interesting how, the message in these songs
Is still relevant today
Even in his death, he's touching people with his lyrics
I can feel the energy in the air, as they count down to midnight
When the album will officially be released
Oh, hold on, I, think they're starting to countdown now

(Crowd)

5, 4, 3, 2, 1 ...
(2Pac *singing in background* 2X)
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nuttin to a G

(Let's get ready to ruuumbllle!)

(2Pac *speaking over background*)
Now you know how we do it like a G
What really go on in the mind of a nigga
That get down for theirs
Constantly, money over bitches

(2Pac *singing in background starts to overlap/repeat*)
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin' at me
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
Police bustin' at me
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
Got the police bustin' at me
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah...

(2Pac *speaking over background*)
Not bitches over money
Stay on your grind nigga
My ambitions as a ridah!
My ambitions as a ridah!

(2Pac)
So many battlefield scars while driven in plush cars
This life as a rap star is nothin' without heart
Was born rough and rugged, addressin the mad public
My attitude was, Fuck it, cause motherfuckers love it
To be a soldier, must maintain composure at ease
Though life is complicated, only what you make it to be
Uh, and my ambitions as a ridah to catch her
While she hot, and horny, go up inside her
Then I spit some game in her ear, Go to the tele hoe
You put what money in a Benz, cause bitch I'm barely broke
I'm smokin' bomb-ass weed feelin' crucial
From player to player, the game's tight, the feeling's mutual
From hustlin and prayers, to breakin motherfuckers to pay-up
I got no time for these bitches, cause these hoes tried to play us
I'm on a meal-ticket mission, want a mil', so I'm wishin
Competition got me ripped, on that bullshit they stressin (boo-yaa!)
I'ma rhyme though, clown hoes like it's manditory
No guts no glory my nigga bitch got the game distorted
Now it's on and it's on because I said so
Can't trust a bitch in the bidness so I got with Death Row
Now these money hungry bitches gettin' suspicious
Started plottin and plannin on schemes, to come and trick us
But Thug niggaz be on point and game tight (yeah)
Me, Syke and Bogart, wrap it up the same night
Got problems then handle it, motherfuckers see me
These niggaz is jealous cause deep in they heart they wanna be me
Uh, yeah, and now ya got me right beside ya
Hopin you listen I catch you payin' attention
To my amibitions as a ridah

Chorus: 2Pac

(Singing) I won't deny it, I'ma straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
(Singing) My ambitions as a ridah
(Singing) Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nuttin to a G

(Tupac)
(I won't deny it, I'ma straight ridah)
Peep it... it was my only wish to rise
Above these jealous coward mutherfuckers I despise
When it's time to ride, I was the first off this side, give me the nine
I'm ready to die right here tonight, and motherfuck they life (yeah nigga!)
That's what they screamin as they drill me, but I'm hard to kill
So open fire, I see you kill me (that's all you niggaz got?) witness my steel
Spittin' at adversaries envious and after me
I'd rather die before they catchin me, watch me bleed
Mama come rescue me I'm suicidal thinkin' thoughts
I'm innocent, so there'll be bullets flyin when I'm caught
(Shoot!) Fuck doin' jail time, better day, sacrifice
Won't get a chance to do me like they did my nigga Tyson
Thuggin' for life and if you right then nigga die for it
Let them other brothers try, at least you tried for it
When it's time to die to be a man you pick the way you leave
Fuck peace and the police, my ambitions as a ridah


(Tupac)
My murderous lyrics equipped with spirits of the Thugs before me
Pay off the block evade the cops 'cause I know they comin' for me
I been hesitant to reappear, been away for years
Now I'm back my adversaries been reduced to tears
Question my methods to switch up speeds, sure as some bitches bleeds
Niggaz'll feel the fire of my mother's corrupted seed
Blast me but they didn't finish, (buck buck buck buck buck)
Didn't diminish my powers
So now I'm back to be a motherfuckin menace, they cowards
That's why they tried to set me up
Had bitch-ass niggaz on my team, so indeed, they wet me up
But I'm back reincarnated, incarcerated
At the time I caught the perfect way that God made it
Lace 'em with lyrics that's legendary, musical mercenary
For money, I'll have these motherfuckers buried (I been)
Gettin' much mail in jail, niggaz tellin' me to kill it
Knowin' when I get out, they gon' feel it
Witness the realest, a whoridah when I put the shit inside
The cry from all your people when they find her
Just remind ya, my history'll prove I been it
Revenge on them niggaz that played me,
And all the cowards that was down widdit
Now it's yo' nigga right beside ya
Hopin you listenin, catch you payin' attention
To my ambitions as a ridah
Unfortunately, we are not licensed to display the full lyrics for this song at the moment. Hopefully we will be able to in the future. Until then... how about a random page?
Troublesome nigga
Troublesome 19-motherfucking-96
Westside
Let it be known nigga
The boss of all bosses
Makaveli

Menacing Methods, Label me a lethal weapon
Making niggas die, witnessin' breathless imperfection
Can you picture my specific plan?
To be the man in this wicked land, underhanded hits are planned
Scams are plotted over grams and rocks
Undercover agents die by the random shots
We all die in the end, so revenge we swore
I was all about my ends fuck friends and foes
Me, a born leader, never leave the block without my heater
Got me a dog and named her mob bitch nigga eater
What could they do to me ya little brat
Shit them niggas done shot me and still terrified I'll cut they ass
How can I show you how I feel inside
We outlawz, motherfuckas can't kill my pride
Niggas talk a lot of shit but that's after I'm gone
'Cause they fear me in the physical form
Let it be known I'm troublesome

Troublesome nigga
Outlawz
We put it down to the fullest
Spitting rhymes and bullets
Troublesome
Y'all know what time it is
Call the punk police, they can't stop us
Niggas run the streets Haha...
Troublesome
Yeah

Gutter ways, my mentality is ghetto
A guerrilla in this criminal war, we all rebels
Death before dishonor, bet I bomb on them first
Niggas knew we came for murda, pullin' up in a herse
Westside was the war cry bustin' all freely
Screaming fuck all ya niggas in Swaheli
Pistol packin' fresh out of jail, I ain't goin' back
Release me to the care of my heartless trap
Say my name three times like Candyman
Bet I roll on your ass like an avalanche
A soul survivor, learned to get high and pull driveby's
Murder my foes, can't control my nine
Hearin' thoughts of my enemies pleadin' please
Busta ass motherfuckas tried to flee
Picture me lettin this chump survive
Ran up on his ass when I dump he died
'Cause I'm troublesome

Young, strapped, and I don't give a fuck
I'm hopelesssss
I live a thuglife, losing my focus baby
I'm troublesome
Badboy Killa
There is no one realler
What you saw was the rough, rugged and raw
Outlaw OUTLAW

Murder murder my mindstate shit ain't change since my last rhyme
The crime rate ain't declined
Niggas bustin' shots like they lost their mind
Like twenty-five to life never crossed their mind
Tell me young nigga never learned a thang
Dead at thirteen 'cause he yearn to bang
Sent a lot of flowers, but how can I cry
Try to warn the little nigga either stop or die
Mercy is for the weak when I speak I scream
Afraid to sleep I'm havin' crazy dreams
Vivid' pictures of my enemies and family times
God forgive me cause its wrong but I plan to die
You can take me in heaven and understand I was a sheep
Did the best I could, raised in insanity
Or send me to hell 'cause I ain't beggin' for my life
Ain't nothing worse than this cursed ass hopeless life
I'm troublesome

In your wildest dreams you couldn't picture a nigga like me
I'm troublesome I don't give a fuck
I'm troublesome
Like my nigga napolean said nigga
Somebody gotta explain why I ain't got shit
I'm troublesome
You know what time it is
The outlaw click, young rugged and sick
Makaveli the don, the boss of all bosses
Mussolini, Idi Amin, Hussein Fatal, Khadafi
Kastro, Napoleon, Mo Khomani
We ain't fucking around
We troublesome
Hey yo
We troublesome
Young Kastro, the first to blast the last one to dash
He going for the hoes and the cash
Fuck you niggas
Outlaws
Khadafi trump tight never sloppy
Them other fuckers try to copy
But they can't mock you nigga u 2 strong
Outlaw keep it going on
You know wassup
Outlaws outlaws
Outlaws outlaws
This is dedicated to the real niggas
All the real troublesome soldiers on the streets
That rather die than see the penitentiary
We all motherfuckin' outlaws

Bye bye
Bye bye
All you niggas die


Ah, Suge what I tell you nigga,
When I come out of jail what was I gonna do
I was gonna start diggin' into these niggas chest, right
Watch this, hey Quik let me see them binoculars, nigga
The binoculars

Ha ha ha ha, yeah nigga time to ride
Grab your bulletproof vest nigga
'Cause it's gonna be a long one
Now me and Quik gonna show you niggas what it's like on this side
The real side
Now, on this ride there's gonna be some real mutha-fuckas
And there's gonna be some pussys
Now the real niggas gonna be the ones with money and bitches
The pussys are gonna be the niggas on the floor bleedin'
Now everybody keep your eyes on the prize cause the ride get tricky
See you got some niggas on your side
That say they're your friends
But in real life they your enemies
And then you got some mutha-fuckas that say they your enemies
But in real life they eyes is on your money
See the enemies will say they true
But in real life those niggas will be the snitches
It's a dirty game y'all
Y'all got ta be careful about who you fuck with and who you don't fuck with
Cause the shit get wild y'all
Keep your mind on your riches, Baby
Keep your mind on your riches

9-1-1 it's a emergency cowards tried to murder me
From hood to the 'burbs, everyone of you niggas heard of me
Shit I'm legendary niggas scary and paralyzed
Nothing more I despise than a liar
Cowards die
My mama told me When I was to see
Just a vicious mutha fucker while these devils left me free
I proceed to make them shiver
When I deliver
Criminal lyrics
From a world wide mob figure
Thug niggas from everywhere Mr. Mackaveli
Niggas is waiting for some thug shit, that's what they tell me
So many rumors but I'm infinitely Immortal Outlaw
Switching up on you ordinary bitches
Like a south paw you get let
And every breath I breathe until the moment I'm deceased
Will be another moment ballin' as a 'G'
I rip the crowd, then I start again
Internally I live in sin
Until the moment that they let me breathe again
The heartz of men


The Heartz of Men

My lyrical verse with so much pain
That to some niggas it hurts
My guns bust
And if you ain't one of us
It gets worse
Bitch niggas get their eyes swoll
In fly mode
I'm a homicidal outlaw
And five-o, get your lights on, fight long
Tonight's gonna be a fuckin' fight
So we might roll
My own homies say I'm heartless
But I'm a 'G' to this till the day I'm gone that's regardless
Drive-by, niggas bow down
Thought I'd rot in jail, paid bail, well niggas out now
Throw up your hands if you thugged out
First nigga act up
First nigga gettin' drugged out
I can be a villain if ya let me
I'll Muthafuck ya
If ya do upset me
Tell the cops to come and get me
Rip the crowd like a phone number
Then start again, don't have no muthafuckin' friends nigga
Look inside the heartz of men


In The Heartz of Men
In The Heartz of Men

To all my niggas engaged in making money in the fifty states
Keep your mind on your chips and fuck a punk bitch
No longer living in fear
My pistol close in hand
Convinced this is my year
Like I'm the chosen man
Give me my money and label me as a Don
If niggas is having problems
Smoke'em, fire and bomb
I died and came back,
I hustle with these lyrics as if it's a game of crack
Thugin' is in my spirit
I'm lost and not knowing
Scar'd up
But still flowing
Energized and still going
Uh, can it be fate
That makes a sick muthafucka break
On these jealous ass coward 'cause they evil and fake
What will it take?
Give me that bass line
I'm feeling bombed
Deathrow baby, don't be alarmed
The homie Quik gave a nigga a beat and let me start again
Represent
'Cause I've been sent
The heartz of men
(2Pac) Ah yeah
(Down) Yeauh
(2Pac) It's all about you, one time
(Down) I'ma say it's all about you baby, yeah
(2Pac) Haha, for the bitches that think it's all about you
It's all about you
(Down) This Dru Down in the house, with my boy 'Pizznac
YouknowhatI'msayin?
(2Pac) It's all about you
(Down) Yeah I'm gon' say it's all about you
But you know I'm lyin' though, hah! Yeauh

(2Pac)
You probably crooked as the last trick; want it light
But how I got my ass caught up with this bad bitch
Thinkin' I had her but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck I'm stuck with fuckin' with the wrong one, uh
Wise decisions, based on lies we livin'
Scandalous times, this game's like my religion
You could be rollin' with a thug
Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin' for some love
In every club, I see you starin' like you want it
Well baby if you got it better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin these walls as I pause, addicted to the fast life
I try to holla but you tell me you taken
Sayin' you ain't impressed, with the money I'm makin'
Guess it's true what they tellin' me
Fresh out of jail, life's Hell for a black, celebrity
So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you widdit
Fantansies of us sweatin, can I hit it? (Hahaha)
Addicted to the things you do, but still true
What I'm sayin' Boo, is this is all about you

(Nate Dogg)
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
(Yeah nigga, ha ha ha ha!)
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

(2Pac)
I make a promise if you go with me, just let me know
I'll have you hollerin my name out before I leave
Nobody loves me I'm a thug nigga; I only hung out
With the criminals and the drug dealers, I love niggaz
'Cause we comin' from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick, the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa, and I don't even care
Creep though, weed smoke's into the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
Waitin for niggaz at the end, of every show
I just seen you in my friend's, video
Could never put a bitch before my friends, so here we go
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin' through
It's all about you... hahaha, yeah nigga
It's all about you

(Nate Dogg)
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

(Outlawz)
Is you sick from the dick, or is it the flu?
It ain't about you or your bitch ass crew
Every other city we go and every video
Explain to a nigga why I see the same shitty hoe
You think it's all about you? Well Boo
I gets Down like Dru and my nasty new niggaz, too

You couldn't hold me back, it'd take a fatter track
A lyrical attack, perhaps, it was a visual bluff
When I started to snaps all your rode 'em swoll
Straight in control, flows'll fold, while hoes cold stroll
Hold the set, I told Dramacy' go in next
Golddiggin, cold diggin a gold Rolex

I slide in easily, try a grizzly
Sluts know the cuts, I came to fuck, try skeezin me
Runnin' up in ya just like Bruce Jenner when I bend ya
At the most, I fucked a bitch from the West Coast to West Virginia

(Nate Dogg)
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

(Snoop Doggy Dogg *speaking over last two lines*)
I'm tellin' ya, it's the same ol' shit
I mean... god damn, youknowhatI'msayin?
I'm sittin' back, watchin Montell Jordan video
I see the same bitch, who was in, my homeboy Nate Dogg video
Then I flip the channel
I'm checkin' out my homeboy Tupac video
I see the same bitch that was in my video, yaknahmsayin?
And then yaknahmsayin what make that even mo' fucked up
I'm watchin a Million Man March
And I see the same bitch, on the Million Man March
That was in, the homeboy Warren G video
I mean, damn, everywhere I look, everywhere I go
I see the same hoe
Don't get mad, I'm only bein real
Yeah
(What's up boo?
Swear I'll never call you bitch again
You ain't fucking with me remember I ain't hate you
I swear I'll never call you bitch again
I just wanna say that uh, I fucking apologize
I didn't mean to call you a bitch
I'll never call you bitch again

Damn


Gave my homey 90 days for domestic violence
I try to picture myself, in his position but remain silent
I get to thinking 'bout the shit we been through
We close like kin, but you remain my friend too
This life of sin, that got the both of us in trouble
But you you always stay down for a nigga so that's why I love you
Reminiscing needing tissues
Fighting over childish issues, swear I can't live with you
But without you everyday I miss you
Word on roll you hold my pistol
My gangsta bitch that you always in the mood for love
That's why I'm sleeping with you
Though not the man of your dreams, my planted schemes to be rich like a king
And live my life trouble free
I see, yesterday I called you names, and played games on your mind
I promise that I'll change in time
It's a complicated world so girl just be a friend
I swear I'll never call you bitch again

And that's my word


We came too far
To throw it all away
(I swear I'll never call you bitch again, believe me, ugh)
We came way too far pretty thing yeah
(I swear I'll never call you bitch again, hey)
Do it all away, do it all away baby ...


I wake up early in the morning, at the crack of dawn
Nigga still tired so I'm yawning, and now I'm gone
Tryin' to get my money on strong so an early riser
Out before them other guys, that's the way to profit every time
Can't get too close, my enemies, they see ghosts
They envy me, plus we be beefing with the east coast
Two casualties, got stopped in traffic
Had a warrant, so they gaffled me
But while I'm gone, watch my business and my back for me
My enemies think they got me crossed they ain't knowing
Ain't no love for player haters where you cowards going
You paid bail got me out of jail, home again
I promise not to leave you on your own again
Cristal corks are popped, romantic thoughts are dropped
It's so frantic but don't panic 'cause we forged to top
I found a partner and a ridah, a woman and friend
I swear I'll never call you bitch again
Believe Me


We came too far
(I know, I know)
To throw it all away
(All that is dead don't change each other)
(I swear I'll never call you bitch again, believe me)
We came too far pretty thing, yeah
(I know what time it is)
(You just gotta give a nigga time to grow up you know what I'm saying)
(That was way back then)
(I Swear I'll never call you bitch again, hey)
Do it all away, do it all away baby ...

You're my nigga, my best friend
I'm never gonna call u, bitch again
Yeah, yeah, yeah


Witness evil men do, all this shit I been through
Never meant to hurt you, can we make this work boo?
I know you been feeling pain, things are not the same
Waiting to exhale while I'm sitting in the country jail
Keep your head up, cause things are getting better
My cell mate shed tears off your last love letter
Told him you would find a friend so keep your eyes peeled
Sorry if I cuss, but it's the suffering that I feel
Who can I trust, and if I bust, will she snitch?
Even though your not the type to trip, sorry if I called you bitch
You showed me the definition of feminine
The difference between a pack of bitches and black women
I see the board for a third time hope to see you soon
Pictures of us kissing in the living room in the nude
Thanks for being there much more than a friend
I swear I'll never call you bitch again
Believe Me


We came too far
To throw it all away
We came way too far pretty thing yeah
(I swear I'll never call you bitch again)
Together, together

We came too far
To throw it all away
(I swear I'll never call you bitch again, believe me)
We came way too far pretty thing yeah
To throw it all away, throw it all away baby

Through all my ups, and downs
You always, stayed around, stayed around
How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it, yeah? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

Love the way you activate your hips and push your ass out
Got a nigga wantin' it so bad I'm 'bout to pass out
Wanna dig you and I can't even lie about it
Baby just alleviate your clothes, time to fly up out it

Catch you at a club, oh shit you got me fiendin'
Body talkin' shit to me but I can't comprehend the meaning
Now if you wanna roll with me, then here's your chance
Doin' eighty on the freeway, police catch me if you can

Forgive me I'm a rider, still I'm just a simple man
All I want is money, fuck the fame I'm a simple man
Mr. International, playa with the passport
Just like Aladdin bitch, get you anything you ask for

It's either him or me, champagne, Hennessy
A favorite of my homies when we floss on our enemies
Witness as we creep to a low speed, peep what a hoe need
Puff some mo' weed, funk, ya don't need

Approachin' hoochies with a passion, been a long day
But I've been driven by attraction in a strong way
Your body is bangin' baby, I love it when you flaunt it
Time to give it to daddy nigga now tell me how U want it

How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
I'm livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

Tell me is it cool to fuck?
Did you think I come to talk, am I a fool or what?
Positions on the floor it's like erotic, ironic
'Cause I'm some what psychotic
I'm hittin' switches on bitches like I been fixed with hydraulics

Up and down like a roller coaster, I'm up inside ya
I ain't quittin' till the show is over, 'cause I'mma rider
In and out just like a robbery, I'll probably be a freak
And let you get on top of me, get her rockin' these

Nights full of Aliz&#xE9;, a livin' legend
You ain't heard about these niggaz play these Cali days
Delores Tucker, you'se a motherfucker
Instead of tryin' to help a nigga you destroy a brother

Worse than the others, Bill Clinton, Mr. Bob Dole
You're too old to understand the way the game is told
You're lame so I gotta hit you with the hot facts
Want some on lease? I'm makin' millions, niggaz top that

They wanna censor me, they'd rather see me in a cell
Livin' in hell, only a few of us'll live to tell
Now everybody talkin' 'bout us I could give a fuck
I'd be the first one to bomb and cuss, nigga tell me how U want it

How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
I'm livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

Raised as a youth, tell the truth I got the scoop
On how to get a bulletproof because I jumped from the roof
Before I was a teenager, mobile phone, Sky Pager
Game rules, I'm livin' major, my adversaries

Is lookin' worried, they paranoid of gettin' buried
One of us gon' see the cemetery
My only hope to survive if I wish to stay alive
Gettin' high, see the demons in my eyes, before I die

I wanna live my life and ball, make a couple million
And then I'm chillin' fade 'em all
These taxes got me crossed up and people tryin' to sue me
Media is in my business and they actin' like they know me

Ha ha ha, but I'mma mash out, peel out
I'm with it quick I'se quick to whip that fuckin' steel out
Yeah nigga it's some new shit so better get up on it
When ya see me tell a nigga how ya want it, how do U want it?

How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

How do U want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do U want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
I'm livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

How do you want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
We're livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
(Snoop) Up out of there
(Tupac) *chuckles*
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Snoop) Pump that up G
(Tupac) Ah shit, you done fucked up now
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Tupac) You done put two of America's most wanted in
The same motherfuckin place at the same
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Tupac) motherfuckin time, hahahahah
Y'all niggaz about to feel this
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Tupac) Break out the champagne glasses and the
Motherfuckin condoms Have one on us aight?
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party

(2Pac)
Picture perfect, I paint a perfect picture
Bomb the hoochies with precision my intention's to get richer
With the S-N double-O-P, Dogg my fuckin' homey
Youse a cold ass nigga on them hogs

(Snoop)
Sho nuff, I keep my hand on my gun
'Cause they got me on the run
Now I'm back in the courtroom waitin on the outcome
Free Tupac, is all that's on a niggaz mind
But at the same time it seem they tryin' to take mine
So I'ma get smart, and get defensive and shit
And put together a million march, for some gangsta shit

(2Pac)
So now they got us laced
Two multimillionare motherfuckers catchin cases (mmm)
Bitches get ready for the throwdown
The shit's about to go down
Uh, me and Snoop about to clown
I'm Losin My Religion, I'm vicious on these stool pigeons
You might be deep in this game, but you got the rules missin'
Niggaz be actin' like they savage, they out to get the cabbage
I got, nothin' but love, for my niggaz livin' lavish

(Snoop)
I got a pit named P, she niggarino
I got a house out in the hills right next to Chino
And I, think I got a black Beamer
But my dream is to own a fly casino
Like Bugsy Seagel, and do it all legal
And get scooped up, by the little homie in the Regal
Mmm, it feel good to you baby bubba
Ya see, this is for the G's and the keys motherfucker

(2Pac)
Now follow as we riiiiide
Motherfuck the rest, two of the best from the West side
And I can make you famous
Niggaz been dyin' for years, so how could they blame us
I live in fear of a felony
I never stop bailin these, motherfuckin G's
If ya got it better flaunt it, another warrant
2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted

-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Tupac) Nothin' but a gangsta party... Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
-Nothin' but a gangsta party
(Tupac) it ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin gangsta party
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
(Tupac) Nothin' but a gangsta party it ain't nothin' but a
Motherfuckin gangsta party
-Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party

(2Pac)
Now give me fifty feet
Defeat is not my destiny, release me to the streets
And keep whatever's left of me
Jealousy is misery, suffering is grief
Better be prepared when you cowards fuck wit me
I bust and flea, these niggaz must be crazy what?
There ain't no mercy motherfuckers who can fade the Thugs
(Hahah right) You thought it was but it wasn't, now disappear
Bow down in the presence of a boss player

(Snoop)
It's like 'cause, blood, gangbangin
Everybody in the party doin' dope slangin
You got to have papers in this world
You might get your first snatch, before your eyes swerl
Ya doing ya job, every day
And then you work so hard till ya hair turn gray
Let me tell you about life, and 'bout the way it is
You see we live by the gun, so we die by the gun's kids

(2Pac)
They tell me not to roll with my glock
So now I gotta throw away
Floatin in the black Benz, tryin' to do a show a day
They wonder how I live, with five shots
Niggaz is hard to kill, on my block
Schemes for currency and doe related
Affiliated with the hustlers, so we made it
No answers to questions, I'm tryin' to get up on it
My nigga Dogg with me, eternally the most wanted

Chorus (w/ variations to end)
California love

California knows how to party
California knows how to party
In the city of L.A.
In the city of good old Watts
In the city, city of Compton
We keep it rockin'
We keep it rockin'

Dr. Dre
Now let me welcome everybody to the wild, wild west
A state that's untouchable like Eliot Ness
The track hits your eardrum like a slug to your chest
Pack a vest for your jimmy in the city of sex

We in that sunshine state with a bomb-ass hemp beat
The state where you never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens
Lean, mean, money-making machines serving fiends

I been in the game for ten years making rap tunes
Ever since honeys was wearing Sassoon
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me
Diamonds shining, looking like I robbed Liberace

It's all good from Diego to the Bay
Your city is the bomb if your city making pay
Throw up a finger if you feel the same way
Dre putting it down for Californ-I-A

California (California) knows how to party (knows how to party)
California (West Coast) knows how to party (yes they do, that's right)
In the city of L.A. (city of L.A.)
In the city of good old Watts (good old Watts)
In the city, city of Compton (city of Compton, yeah)
We keep it rockin' (keep it rockin')
We keep it rockin'

My niggas say, come on
Shake it, shake it, baby
Shake it, shake it, shake it, baby
Shake it, shake it, mama
Shake it, Cali (shake it, Cali)
Shake it, shake it, baby (that's right)
Shake it, shake it, baby, baby
Shake it, shake it, mama
Shake it, Cali

2Pac
Out on bail, fresh out of jail, California dreaming
Soon as I step on the scene I'm hearing hoochies screamin'
Fiending for money and alcohol
The life of a Westside player, where cowards die
And it's all war

Only in Cali where we riot, not rally to live and die
In L.A. we wearing Chucks, not Ballies (that's right)
Dressed in Locs and khaki suits and ride is what we do
Flossing but have caution; we collide with other crews

Famous 'cause we program worldwide
Let them recognize from Long Beach to Rosecrans
Bumping and grinding like a slow jam
It's Westside, so you know The Row won't bow down to no man

Say what you say
But give me that bomb beat from Dre
Let me serenade the streets of L.A.
From Oakland to Sac-Town
The Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put they mack down
Give me love

California (California) knows how to party
Really knows how to
California knows how to party
In the city of L.A. (South Central)
In the city of good old Watts (that's right)
In the city, city of Compton
We keep it rockin'
We keep it rockin'

(Yeah, yeah, now make it shake, c'mon)
Shake it, shake it, baby
Shake it, shake it, shake it, baby
Shake it, shake it, mama
Shake it, Cali (shake it, Cali)
Shake it, shake it, baby (shake it, Cali)
Shake it, shake it
Shake it, shake it, mama (West Coast)
Shake it Cali

Yeah, oh

Yeah, Long Beach in the house, aww yeah
Oaktown, Oakland definitely in the house
'Frisco, 'Frisco
Hey, you know L.A. up in this
Pasadena, where you at?
Yeah, Inglewood, Inglewood always up to no good
Even Hollywood trying to get a piece, baby
Sacramento, Sacramento, where you at? Yeah
Throw it up, y'all, throw it up, throw it up, I can't see you

(California love)
(Intro: 2Pac)
So what I'm gonna do, hopefully is... I wanna be, uhm not a wannabe I am 2Pac Shakur!

2Pac!
2005!
Guess who's back? G-G-Guess who's back?
G-G-Guess who's back? G-G-Guess who's back?
Everywhere I see, a Soldier a Soldier.
Everywhere I see, a Soldier Like Me.

Everywhere I see, a Soldier a Soldier.
Everywhere I see, a Soldier Like Me.

Everywhere I see, a Soldier a Soldier.
Everywhere I see, a Soldier Like Me.

Everywhere I see, a Soldier a Soldier.
Everywhere I see, a Soldier Like Me.

(Verse 1: 2Pac)
Posse deep as I role through the streets
Muthafuck the police as we creep in our Jeeps
Layin' so long you think I'm asleep
But at the slightest beat, I'm robbin' niggas through the teeth
And OPD can get the dick if they play tuffy
Last time them niggas rushed me, I ain't bust but now I'm touchy
Trust me, ain't nothin' jumpin' but these buck shots
Them niggas got enough knots, I'm poppin' corrupt cops
You muthafuckers catch a hot one
You wanted to start a problem, now you coward cops have got one
And there's no prison that can hold a
Muthafuckin' Soldier, ready to role and take control
So now I jack 'em while they sleepin'
Role to the door, through a grenade in the precinct
Some people panic, brothers bugged out
I had to keep poppin' 'cause wouldn't stop until they rugged out
And they vest don't protect from the head wounds
Reload ammunition's & them bitches will be dead soon
Smoke risin' from the barrel of my shotty
I finally got revenge, now count the bodies
20 cops, one for every year in jail
Tryin' to keep a nigga down, but you failed
Before I let you take me, I told ya
Fuck bein' trapped, I'm a Soldier.

I betcha that I got something you ain't got, that's called courage
It don't come from no liquor bottle, it ain't scotch, it's not bourbon
I don't walk around like no G 'cause that ain't me, I'm not that person
I don't try to act like you do 'cause that ain't you, you just frontin'.
You ain't?

(Verse 2: 2Pac)
It's 2Pac in the mad bitch
In them .64 rag on them things, that's a bad bitch
Gettin' ghosts on them bitches in the town
Bustin' out the backseat, nigga when we clown.
Homey is you down?
B got the strap and she anxious
Hurry up 'fo she spank shit
Comin' round the corners, spittin' rounds
They payin' homey down
Caught them sucker ass bitches outta bounce.
Now tell me how that sound?
A double date laced with hate, make 'em pray for the judgement day.
Now tell me how that sound?
A double date laced with hate, make 'em pray for the judgement day.
Stinkin' biatch!

I betcha that I got something you ain't got, that's called courage
It don't come from no liquor bottle, it ain't scotch, it's not bourbon
I don't walk around like no G 'cause that ain't me, I'm not that person
I don't try to act like you do 'cause that ain't you, you just frontin'.
You ain't? (2Pac)

(Outro: 2Pac)
Everywhere I see, a Soldier a Soldier.
Everywhere I see, a Soldier Like Me.

Everywhere I see, a Soldier a Soldier.
Everywhere I see, a Soldier Like Me.

Everywhere I see, a Soldier a Soldier.
Everywhere I see, a Soldier Like Me.

Everywhere I see, a Soldier a Soldier.
Everywhere I see, a Soldier Like Me.
(Intro: Tupac Talking)
I wanted to bring back that reality, nobody can ever be confused and think I'm fuckin' Mike Tyson
And I'm the heavyweight champion, I'm a little nigga, that's why it's so raw to just watch me
Battle lions, 'cause I'm a little skinny nigga battlin' niggas three times my size

Watch this uppercut, here it comes... watch the jab nigga... ugh... here it come, look out, watch
My arms...

(Verse 1: 2Pac)
Now see so many motherfuckers wanna take a piece
Commin' equipped with some shit that niggas just can't believe
I pull a trick from my sleeve now kamikazee
I'm all over that nigga, come identify the body
My middle finger to you hoe niggas
Run up on me, and I'll be forced to let it go nigga
I ain't the one you wanna try, why, stayin' high
I hit this blunt and watch these motherfuckers die
Whose runnin' these streets I said that cocaine
Cause in the the dope game, niggas'll die 'fore they go broke mayne
Another hustler makin' major cash
Till the punk police come an raid ya ass
Now you stressed doin' fed time, and it's a bitch
Cause the judge gave you 8 years, you doin' 6
And we know that you can't hang, you a trick
Rolled over turned snitch like a biatchhhh

(Chorus (x1): 2Pac)
Now you know you shoulda ducked nigga
Gotchu fallin' from the uppercut, fucked, so what's up? nigga!
Now you know you shoulda ducked nigga
Gotchu fallin' from this uppercut, stuck, so what's up? nigga!

(Verse 2: 2Pac)
They got a nigga in the dice game, I'm feelin' lucky
But the nigga just a little bigger, he tryin' fuck me
Out my cash, imma blast nigga, he don't know
I gotta tell ya like the last nigga, gotta go
Don't need to roll for the truck, I get em' up
Left to right, my uppercut'll hit em' up (ha)
I'm known to walk the streets on any block
I love my niggas, but I ain't puttin' down my glock
The gun shots rang when I lose nigga, and ooh nigga
Imma show you not to ever play a true nigga (haha)
Lay it down just to prove it
And fuck the rappin' motherfucker we can do this

(Chorus (x1): 2Pac)
Now you know you shoulda ducked nigga
Gotchu fallin' from the uppercut, fucked, so what's up? nigga!
Now you know you shoulda ducked nigga
Gotchu fallin' from this uppercut, stuck, so what's up? nigga!

(Verse 3: Outlawz (EDI and Young Noble)
They claim that we violent, we named after tyrants
This revolution won't be televised, we keep it silent (shh)
Roll on our enemies, beat em' at they own game
Molotov cocktails, release an up in flames
Tired of bein' stepped on, sick of bein' held back
Lookin' through my rear view, thinkin' 'bout the pay back
Wanna see my kids grow don't know if imma make it though
One more nigga came up short in the ghetto
Society lied to me so I'm strapped with the metal
Push ya middle finger up nigga if you a rebel
Have ya face down goin' in ya pockets if ya let em'
I done lost too many homies for me to ever forget em'
I done made so many mistakes but still I don't regret em'
I'm a product of the pimp, the pusher, and the reverend
I'm a product of the block, the fiends, and the felons
We all lost souls tryina find our way to heaven

(Chorus (x1): 2Pac)
Now you know you shoulda ducked nigga
Gotchu fallin' from the uppercut, fucked, so what's up? nigga!
Now you know you shoulda ducked nigga
Gotchu fallin' from this uppercut, stuck, so what's up? nigga!

(Outro: Edi Talking)
To all the conrads no longer with us, see you when we get there
'Pac, Yak, we gon' keep on ridin', give these cowards the uppercut
Till we get up there with y'all, YOU KNOW!..
Thug Life we still livin' it
Outlaw for life, in the name of the Don, let's go!
(Intro: Tupac Talking)
Oh, I posted bail?
I'm out this motherfucker?
I can go?
Oh, fuck y'all eh, fuck the judge
Fuck the motherfuckin' district attourney and the prosecutor (fuck you!)
And fuck you motherfuckers in the jury box (fuck you!)
Fuck all y'all
'Cause I'm out on motherfuckin' bail
Y'all ain't never gonna see me in this motherfucker again
Drop that shit em!
Let these old punk ass bitches know how we runnin' this shit
Niggaz ain't going back to court you stank ass bitches

(Verse 1: 2Pac)
I'm stuck in jail the DA's tryin' to burn me
I'd be out on bail if I had a good attorney
Wanna label me a criminal and cuff me up
Got a pocket full of money so they rough me up
I ain't trippin' in the county and I'm mad as fuck
Got a record so they put me with the baddest bunch
Everybody wanna talk 'cause I'm rappin'
They askin' me what happened
Is it true you did a flick with Janet Jackson
I can't sleep they takin' polaroids
And I'm tryna to use the phone but they makin' noise
Man I wish I had my glock cause its major
I'm makin' shanks out the plastics in razors
These motherfuckers won't leave me alone that's my word
Bout to turn a violation to a motherfuckin' murder
I'm makin' collect calls to my old bitches
Send mo' pictures and make me some more riches
To all the suckers on the block talkin' shit while I was locked up
Be prepared to get socked up
Cause the game is deep and the fame is brief
And you bullshittin' bitches ain't changin' me
I came straight up out the gutta I was saved from hell
I'm a thug I was raised in jail
Now I'm out on bail

Out on Bail (You know what fuckin' time it is)
ThugLife will never fail (I'm out on bail)
Thuglife niggaz (I'm going straight to 50,000 BIATCH!)
Thuglife niggaz (I'm out on bail)
Out on Bail (Hey, hand me some motherfuckin' Colt 40's from the fridge nigga)
ThugLife will never fail ('Cause I'm out on bail)
Thuglife niggaz (Hey, pass me my motherfuckin' Rolex)
Thuglife niggaz (Yes bitch that's a President)

(Verse 2: 2Pac)
Stuck in jail and mad as a bitch
I'd be out on bail if it wasn't for the snitch
Runnin' wild through the streets like I'm loco
And fuck the punk police and they chokeholds
I got no love in my heart 'cause I'm heartless
Mobbin' in the park after dark wanna start shit
Rippin' up the scene as a teen I was at it (but hey)
And sellin' products to the addicts 'cause they gotta have it
I was a well-known thug and I gotta lotta love
Hangin' out with the OG's shootin' up the clubs
And mama told me don't hang with the homies
But they got me if they need me then it's on G
Got me sittin' in the cell a five by seven
Will I finally get to go to ghetto heaven
Got my bitches on the outside writin' me letters
And they tell me they love me and the shit ull get better
I don't believe her 'cause I just got the news on the wire
Take it how you want it but your bitch is on fire
I gotta be a player so I stay strong
'Cause I know that I won't be away long
And when I finally do hit the fuckin' streets I'ma handle this
A thug nigga gettin' scandalous
I'm on bail

Out on Bail
ThugLife (see) will never fail (Out on bail - biatch!)
Thuglife niggaz (You know what time it is)
Thuglife niggaz (I'm out on bail)
Out on Bail (Y'all don't need to know about...)
ThugLife will never fail (You know, Out on bail)
Thuglife niggaz (Y'all Blow that shit - Get me up out this)
Thuglife niggaz (Yo, EM! Get me up out of this motherfucker man!)
Out on Bail (These motherfuckers are harassing me and that ain't cool)

(Outro: Tupac Talking)
Out on bail
I'll see ya motherfuckers at the next show, 2pac, the media is my bitch
It's that famous shit, you know?
Real thug shit
Real live thug shit, genuine, you know what I'm sayin'
I wouldn't waste your motherfuckin' time with no bullshit baby
Trust me, It's that real shit
I'm talkin' about that shit you never tell your grandkids about, you know?
I ran with a thug nigga, believe that
This my motherfuckin' nigga Em on dem motherfuckin' boards in case your wonderin'
We doin' this shit hell motherfuckin' yeah
An ounze of that shit sittin' in your motherfuckin' lac
Now press rewind nigga!
Hit them with a lil' ghetto gospel

(Chorus - Elton John:)
Those who wish to follow me (My ghetto gospel)
I welcome with my hands
And the red sun sinks at last into the hills of gold
And peace to this young warrior without the sound of guns

(2Pac)
If I could recollect before my hood days
I'd sit and reminisce, Thinkin' of bliss and the good days
I stop and stare at the younger, my heart goes to'em
They tested, it was stressed that they under
In our days, things changed
Everyone's ashamed to the youth 'cause the truth looks strange
And for me it's reversed, we left them a world that's cursed, and it hurts
Cause any day they'll push the button
And all good men like Malcolm X and Bobby Hunton, died for nothin'
Don't them let me get teary, the world looks dreary
But when you wipe your eyes, see it clearly
There's no need for you to fear me
If you take the time to hear me, maybe you can learn to cheer me
It ain't about black or white, 'cause we're human
I hope we see the light before its ruined
My ghetto gospel

(Chorus - Elton John:)
Those who wish to follow me (My ghetto gospel)
I welcome with my hands
And the red sun sinks at last into the hills of gold
And peace to this young warrior without the sound of guns

(2Pac)
Tell me do you see that old lady ain't it sad
Living out a bag, but she's glad for the little things she has
And over there there's a lady, crack got her crazy
Guess she's given birth to a baby
I don't trip and let it fade me, from outta the frying pan
We jump into another form of slavery
Even now I get discouraged
Wonder if they take it all back while I still keep the courage
I refuse to be a role model
I set goals, take control, drink out my own bottle
I make mistakes, but learn from every one
And when its said and done
I bet this Brotha be a better one
If I'm upset, you don't stress
Never forget, that God hasn't finished with me yet
I feel his hand on my brain
When I write rhymes, I go blind, and let the Lord do his thang
But am I less holy
'Cause I choose to puff a blunt and drink a beer with my homies
Before we find world peace
We gotta find peace in that war on the streets
My ghetto gospel

(Chorus - Elton John:)
Those who wish to follow me (Yeah My ghetto gospel)
I welcome with my hands
And the red sun sinks at last into the hills of gold
And peace to this young warrior without the sound of guns

(2Pac)
Lord can you hear me speak!
To pay the price of being hell bound...
(Intro: 2Pac)

Black Cotton
Black Cotton
Black Cotton - A symbol for unrewarded struggle
Time for a little gospel tail
Ghetto gospel that is- listen
Robbin' Black Cotton in God's eyes
Speak


Black Cotton
Steady stressin' Smith and Wessons count my blessin's
Class is in session the worst question is the first question
Why do we work like slaves sweatin' blades to an early grave
Never got paid but still we slave (In the nine tre')
Answer that then answer this too-
Loves gonna get ya you know it's true life's a bitch true
You best to backtrack and try to act black and live
Not to be phony and positive but why be negative?
What's the matter G? Black cat got your tongue
Fat track gotcha sprung now your hung (Do ya feel me?)
Dum dum diddy is it me?
Attempt to reach each and every brother on the streets
If not peace then at least let's get a piece
I'm tired of seeing bodies on the streets- deceased
Lookin' through my highschool yearbook
Reminiscin' of the tears as the years took
One homie, two homie, three homies - POOF
We used to have troops but now there's no more youth to shoot
God come save the misbegotten
Lost ghetto souls of Black Cotton (In God's eyes)

(Chorus: Eminem)

Nobody don't care
(No matter how hard I try/Look to the sky/and I ask God why)
Nobody don't care
(Seems like my dreams/Drowned in by screams/No answer to my questions)
Nobody don't care
(Feels like I'm pressed/Why do I stress?/It's like I'm being tested)
Nobody don't care
(Seems like my prayers/Vanish to thin air/Please answer my questions)
Nobody don't care


In the belly of the beast I'm bubbling up
Running out of luck, about to self destruct
Old heads say live your life like such
Your sure to catch her witcha one day boy
I wouldn't listen to 'em
Your power movement was cool
But it ain't fix nothin'
So I just go with what I know
I don't trust none
Look what the 80's did
To what's Bebe's kids
And now we grown up
Nobody ain't own us yet


Black cotton, I'm plottin' on what they owe me
I'm workin' without a profit
They shacklin' all my homies
I'm hurtin' but keep the mind
And we ain't stop, its cutains, you try to rise and
Certainly we survive with Outlaw Ridas
What's the reward for a strugala
If the lord lovin' us then why they hate to see us comin' up
Runnin' up, Gun cocked like nasty gloves
If you ain't got a penny, mind the glove
No love
Waitin' for my 40 acas and a blunt to blaze
Biblicle times good hearts with milita minds
Black Cotton - I'm hoppin' over enemy lines
Black Cotton - I ain't stoppin' till they givin' me mine
Black Cotton
(2Pac)
Now I've got to ask, on a nigga's ass, tell me will they blast me?
I think of an alias in case these crooked bitches ask me
Now, it's gettin' crazy after dark, these narcs
Be like tryin' to shut me down but I'm too smart
Now picture me scared of the penitentiary
I've been movin these things since the days of elementary
Now tell me what you need when you see me
I'm stackin G's, buyin all the things on TV, believe me
I got some killas on my payroll, and they know
When it's time to handle business, nigga lay low
Although I'm young, I'm still comin' up
I'm gettin' paid, pullin raises on niggas when they runnin' up
The first to pull a strap when there's drama
Busta, you ain't heard?
I've been slicin motherfuckerss since I lost my momma
There ain't a cop that can stop me
My posse is cocked, G, and they don't quit until they drop me
I'm loyal to the game


(Treach)
Without no doubt I ain't no slouch and it ain't time to back down
So I jumps in and try to stop-a and watch-a
Slap you cock-eyed like Popeye fucks spinach
Forgotten more shit than most crews ever know, or ever knew
Was born with 7 flows and only heaven knew
For beat the boot sex, the news breaks, the you shakes
Worse, they heard we got more nerve than a 2-fake
Yoo-hoo to you crew and you too so you knew
I'm from Jersey and I'm a teen so your block more than you do
Whose the new crew?
Show me your neck brotha, and here's another
Smack your mother's mamma's mother
In the first mob of all those other crack lovers
Back was bitch-ass, trick ass, cluk-clow-cluk-clow
How ya like me then, how ya like me, hey-ho, how ya like me now?
Ow, pow, hurt, don't it? Bow, bow, don't run up on it
The same thing minus P hangin' possies like an exponent
Oh yes, rock in slums, ya gots to run it
It makes no sense to smell like shit
If old ass George could be Washing-tons


(Riddler)
Now I be loyal to my niggas on the blocks, just buckin the shots
And packin the glocks
And dodgin the cops, and takin' over niggas spots
Poppin' after poppin' the fools be droppin', the hoes be hoppin
On my thing cause it hangs like the nets from Above the Rim
You lookin' grim, is it me or him or him
Or be with me, we be together
So what's up? We can do whatever
Cause real niggas stick together
Till they make it up to heaven
Through the stress, through the hell, through the 1-8-7
The shorter the nigga, the bigga the trigga
The deeper they dig the ditch-a
The Naughty the Treach
Then through to the Pac I brings the glock I wets up
You fuckin' body, I'm like, Oh my Gody
Did I really shoot him? Yo I shot him
So got him, now I puts the crime behind me
And finds me, a place to lays my head low
I lives doin' my rap, but I dies for my hood row
So all you fuckin' fools better recognize, and know my fuckin' name
I be Riddler to my niggas and I'm loyal to the game
(Verse 1: 2Pac)
See, it ain't easy bein' me
Life as a celebrity is less than heavenly
I got these fakes and these back-stabbers chasin' me around
And it's always drama
Whevever I wanna get around
Mama told me
Long before I ever came up
Gotta be true, to watchya' do
And keep ya' game up
'Cause things change
And jealousy becomes a factor
Best friends at your wifes house tryin' to mack her!
I'm on tour
But still they keep on knockin' at my door
And I got no time to worry
I'm steady wantin' more
Every day is a test, yes
I try hard
But I'm strugg-a-lin' with every breath
I pray to God that the woman that I left at home
All alone
Ain't nothin' like tryin' to bone
Over the phone
In my mind
I can see her naked
I can't take it
Got me shakin' at the thought that we can make it
I thought you knew.

(Chorus: Nate Dogg)
I'm rollin' out on tour today you gettin' sad 'cause I'm goin' away, Naa
Chickenheads wanna play with me you gettin' mad cause you think I'm a sway,
Some of them cute some of them fine as fuck I hear them scream soon as I hit the stage, Naa
Still I be gettin' lonely for you I'm comin' home as soon as I make this pay. (echoes)

(Verse 2: 2Pac)
I call you up long distance
On the telephone
I wanna tuck you in
Even though I know I can't make it home
I whisper things in your' ear
Like your near me
Wonder if you feel me
From far away
Or can you hear me
It seems to me
That your' jealous
'Cause I'm hustlin' and makin' money
With the fellas'
In the back streets
Tryin' to trap me
Baby hold up
Thugs get lonely too!
But I'm a soulja
And there's no way I'm a' stop makin' money
'Cause your' attitudes changed
And your' actin' a little funny
Always complainin'
Sayin' we don't spend time
Can't you see
I got enough stress on my mind
And hangin' up like you all that
And get mad when I'm tell you that
"I'm busy baby call back"
Please, ain't nothin' left to say to you
Thugs get lonely too
You know.

(Chorus: Nate Dogg)
I'm rollin' out on tour today you gettin' sad 'cause I'm goin' away, Naa
Chickenheads wanna play with me you gettin' mad cause you think I'm a sway,
Some of them cute some of them fine as fuck I hear them scream soon as I hit the stage, Naa
Still I be gettin' lonely for you I'm comin' home as soon as I make this pay. (echoes)

(Verse 3: 2Pac)
I sit alone in my room, drinkin'
Without a care
Talkin' out loud to you'
Like your' there
Take your' picture out my back pocket
Man it's on
You the first face I wanna see
When I get home
I wanna love you till the sun rise
Buckwild
Touchin' every wall in the house
Thug style
Put your' hands on the headboard
Think of me
Drippin' sweat on top of you
Sick of scenes in yo' head
That I'm makin' love
So turn the lights down
Reminice 'n' relax
'Cause baby right now
I feel in the middle of my stomach
You whisper in my ear
Baby tell me how you really want it
Hold on tightly
Watch the ceiling
Scratch my back
How you react
Lets me know you feel me
'Cause everything I'm givin' to you
Is so true
Thugs get lonely too
You know.

(Chorus: Nate Dogg)
I'm rollin' out on tour today you gettin' sad 'cause I'm goin' away, Naa
Chickenheads wanna play with me you gettin' mad cause you think I'm a sway,
Some of them cute some of them fine as fuck I hear them scream soon as I hit the stage, Naa
Still I be gettin' lonely for you I'm comin' home as soon as I make this pay. (echoes)

(Outro: Tupac Talking)
Yeah! Thug Life Baby
(Intro) (2Pac)
Niggas! (Yeah!) (Uh)
Niggas!

(Verse: 2Pac)
Who's afraid of the punk police?
Niggas run the streets, no justice no peace
Fuck the law, rather draw than do time
Don't fuck with mine, cross the line, my two nines
Go baya baya when I shoot 'em
Korean mothafuckers was crooked, so niggas had to burn and loot 'em
Now the streets ain't safe at night
My Niggas! Straight take his life
So don't sleep when my Jeep creep up, how we hit 'em
Empty the clip, then dip 'cause we did 'em
Lickin' of shots for Latasha that's proper
Love for my niggas but a glock for the coppers
So what the fuck you wanna do now
I packed a .9 last year, in '99 I'm packin' 2 now
And even if they pull their triggers
They can shoot one man, but nothings gonna stop the plan of true niggas

(Chorus (2Pac)
Niggas! (Yeah niggas, you can't fuck with us)
Niggas! ('Cause bein' a nigga means you love niggas)
Niggas!
(Jada!, ey yo)

(Verse: Jadakiss)
My dimes make the fiends go to sleep, so they call 'em bedrocks
Niggas is like photographers, all they take is head shots
Your last words'll be, "damn what's all these red dots?"
Niggas nowawadays, they worry me, my bars is therapy
As long as you usin' them thouroughly, muah till the day that they bury me
My niggas is stronger and tighter now than they probably will ever be
And I'm a product of the '70's
The hood got niggas on punishment, that's why they never leave
If I ain't eatin' with you, I'm probably beefin' with you
If no money ain't involved ain't no need for me speakin' with you
I know you got a gun but I'm hopin' you keep it with you
'Cause unfortunately, I'm one of them rappers that keep a pistol and
You know what the llama do, Shady/Aftermath, Ruff Ryders, D-Block, and of course Amaru
Lotta people honor you, probably 'cause of the way you used to bring the drama to
Whoever you wanted to, you a leader when you can get a leader to follow you
But anyway, life goes on, so I'll see you when I art in heaven like our fathers do

(Chorus (2Pac)
Niggas! (Yeah niggas, you can't fuck with us)
Niggas! (Yeah niggas, 'cause bein' a nigga means you love niggas)
Niggas!
Niggas! (Nigga!, you can't fuck with us)

Yeah nigga
Yo Pac (That's right)
Yo, I heard you got beat up by the police
Got a big fat lawsuit and everything (yeah)
Niggaz just wanna know if your still gonna be on some crooked ass nigga shit

(2pac Verse 1)
Please tell me what's a nigga to do and it's true
Ain't nuttin' new so I do what I can to get through
Now first they had me trapped and now I'm pissed
A loaded AK47 layin on my hips so don't trip
One motherfucker from the underground
And Big Stretch buckin' niggaz if they fuck around
Yo, why y'all got beef with police?
Ain't that a bitch them motherfuckers gotta beef with me
They make it hard for me to sleep
I wake up at the slightest peep and my sheets are 3 feet deep
I guess it's hard for you to see
But now I'm pointin the finger at police instead of motherfuckers blamin' me
I got the right to bear a pistol
And when them punk motherfuckers get to trippin' I got shit too
And maybe then you'll see the truth
But until then I gotta do what I do and stay a crooked nigga too

It's all up to you
But until then I gotta do what I do and stay a crooked nigga too
And maybe then you'll see the truth (awwwwww)
But until then I gotta do what I do and stay a crooked nigga too
It's all up to you
But until then I gotta do what I do and stay a crooked nigga too
And maybe then you'll see the truth (awwwwww) Ooh!
You can't fuck with the crew, a crooked nigga too

(2pac Verse 2)
You know you really can't say that you blame niggaz
Fuck bein' tame, set a flame, tryin' to aim triggaz
2pac'll spark a revolution, fuck the constitution
I want my bucks for restitution
This time you got a bigger problem
Time to face the niggas from South Central, Oakland, Brooklyn and Harlem
And we ain't shootin' at eachother (fuck no), that's a motherfuckin' brother
So save two, run for cover
And other bitches from the clan
Come feel the wrath of a black man that doesn't smoke crack and
I don't drink St. Ides (fuck that!)
Genuine draft ganja ganja and my fuckin' Tec-9
They know their scared to see us sober (awwwww)
Cobra - And niggaz will take the world over
It's all up to you (up to you) Blame the Korean (fuck that)
I'll be a crooked nigga too

It's all up to you
But until then I gotta do what I do and stay a crooked nigga too
And maybe then you'll see the truth (awwwwww)
But until then I gotta do what I do and stay a crooked nigga too
It's all up to you
But until then I gotta do what I do and stay a crooked nigga too
And maybe then you'll see the truth (awwwwww) Ooh!
You can't fuck with the crew, a crooked nigga too

(2pac Verse 3)
Pardon me, ?? has been God and try me
I'll be damned if I die come look at the rage in my eyes G
They got my homies in a jail cell
Now it's the rebel and the devil and one of us is goin' to hell
I got the whole place covered with loc'ed out brothers
And nothing but love for eachother
So motherfucker make a motion
I give a fuck, slice you up, and throw your ass in the ocean
Temperatures drop
See it's cool to shoot a nigga but they hate it when we pop the cops
That's when they gettin' petrol
You better watch your step or you'll be left on deathrow
But I learned to look ahead of me
Stay strapped, watch your back, keep your eyes on the enemy
We blowin' up precincts and ooh you can't fuck with the crew
A crooked nigga too

It's all up to you
But until then I gotta do what I do and stay a crooked nigga too
And maybe then you'll see the truth (awwwwww)
But until then I gotta do what I do and stay a crooked nigga too
It's all up to you
But until then I gotta do what I do and stay a crooked nigga too
And maybe then you'll see the truth (awwwwww) Ooh!
You can't fuck with the crew, a crooked nigga too
I ain't got time for this man I'm out

You should stop for awhile you will find me standing by (Don't you trust me?)
Over here at the side of your life (Not that I don't trust you)
You spend all your hours just rushing around
Do you have a little time to have a little time for me?

As soon as I leave the house you wanna page me
See you got me trapped I'm going crazy this is slavery
You act like it's outrageous give me space it won't get better
And maybe we will argue and be through with all these sorry letters
Soon as I come home it's like I get the third degree
Where ya been and who you with I get no room to breathe
It makes me wanna leave
I'm sick of these tricks up your sleeve
Your suspicious I deceive give me grief without belief but to me
If you really trust me then it's pitiful
Question me about my whereabouts that's so trivial
Let me live my life and you can live yours
Just be there to help me and support that's what your here for
Not to give me stress and add to pressure
Home is where I go the rest I go to pass the test
I'm sorry if I left you all alone
But I couldn't make it home so we argue on the phone
Don't you trust me?


Callin' up my house to hang it up You think that makes sense
Tell me what it takes for us to shake so we can be friends
It's time for us to take our separate paths
We had a lot of laughs but the good things come to pass
Let's make it an even break don't make it scandalous
Try to be mature I'm pretty sure that we can handle this
You're saying I'm too busy I ignore you
I guess you didn't hear me when I said that I cared for you
But now it seems the arguments are nightly
I wanna hold you tightly but instead you wanna fight me
So why let it stress and aggravate me
Instead I'd rather break hope you don't hate me
You tell me that you love me but your lyin'
Fighting back the urge to start cryin'
I wipe away your tears come and hug me
I love you like you love me
Girl... don't you trust me?


I hangup the phone (click)
I can't bare to hear you yellin' at me
Maybe we should end it neither one of us are happy
You know that I'm emotional you milk me
Comin' over crying just to get me feelin' guilty
You and me were met to be it yet
You always wanna sweat and how much closer can we get (don't fret)
Just let me pack my things and I'll be outie
This time I'm breaking out you let your mouth overcrowd me
I can't take the beefin' and the griefin'
I get no room to sleep I hope it ceases 'cause I'm leavin'
Maybe next time you'll be a little more sure
When I can give you more when you unsure
But baby until then I gotta leave ya
It's not that I don't need ya but see ya
And I hope that you understand why I bust it
Not because we rushed it (hell no)
But girl don't you trust me?


Not that I don't trust you
Don't you trust me?

Not that I don't trust you
Don't you trust me?

Not that I don't trust you
(Obie Trice)
Ha ha, yeah

(Tupac)
Nigga fuck that Gin and Juice (Hennessy)

Just Pour a nigga a glass

Hennessy, that dark shit (That's right)

(Obie Trice)
Hey pour me some of that too baby

(Chorus: Tupac/Obie Trice)
They wanna know who's my role model
It's in the brown bottle (Yo what's our motherfucking motto nigga?)
Hennessy

They wanna know who's my role model
It's in the brown bottle (You know our motherfucking motto)
Hennessy

(Tupac)
Ha ha ha ha, Y'all niggaz can't fuck with this whole thug shit (Hennessy)

(Obie Trice)
That's what your sippin on
Now what's you name nigga?

(Tupac)
Big ballin ass nigga named Pac

(Verse 1: Tupac)
Now I was born in the gutter facing life or death
I was a thug ever since my momma gave me breath
These motherfuckaz wanna see me die
So who am I to try to warn 'em, I'll buck and bomb 'em, them niggas fry
Hey remember me? Down that Hennessy
The nigga you don't wanna see, let me proceed
My definition of some thug shit, y'all don't hear me?
Now that it's poppin' ain't no love bitch
I maintain in the game, in the gutter is where I still kick it
I'm tryin' to hustle up a meal ticket
I'm still wicked in my ways, a hustler till my dying days
Ain't nothin' wrong with gettin' paid
So nigga blaze, 'cause we some motherfuckin fools
Walkin' through the streets wearing jewels
Breakin niggaz, fakin moves
Even the cops can't stop us
My enemies flip when the see me drink a fifth of that Hennessy

(Chorus: Tupac/Obie Trice)
They wanna know who's my role model
It's in the brown bottle (Yo what's our motherfucking motto nigga?)
Hennessy

They wanna know who's my role model
It's in the brown bottle (You know our motherfucking motto)
Hennessy

(Tupac)
Ha ha ha, Y'all niggaz can't fuck with this whole thug shit (Hennessy)

(Obie Trice)
That's what I'm sippin on
Now let me tell 'em who I be

(Tupac)
Big ballin ass nigga named Trice

(Verse 2: Obie Trice)
Now I was born in Detroit on the side that's west
Troubled child, commin up I had to ride I guess
Tried to apply myself, but niggas was ballin
My momma couldn't tell me shit, the streets was callin
I was often involved with niggaz breakin the law
I look back Pac nigga, we was bankin off raw
P Funk, got it pumpin, he had the connects
Through the sack to us little niggaz workin the set
And if you got it you getting wet, nigga bet on that
Don't come around hurr on that floss shit
Detroit niggaz off shit
(Robbin niggaz in the door ways) That's right
(With my 4-4, that's the sure way)
And this your old days, all eyez on me
We was loony I suppose you could (die homie)
O Trice always repped his block
(2pac)
Thug for life nigga
Can't you read the signs?
Ay fuck it man

(Whatchu doin'?) Mobbin' like a motherfucker stuck
Can you put your middle finger out the window gettin' fucked off - liquor
Get loaded can't control it
Nigga pass me the blunt and let me roll it
You get the bones act to the whole stack
That's fo sho black
To be a mack and keep your dough fat
And tell me what does it take to be a G?
I started with a quarter ounce and bounced to a key
You gotta watch your back stay strapped, be alert
Started as a young muthafucka doin' dirt
And now I'm in the rap game like the crack game
I got enemies
Can't pretend to see my friends are not my enemies
And even thug muthafuckas wanna have fun
Stuck it, buckin' my muthafuckin magnum
What does it take to be a G?
Silence is a must, violence is a plus
Plus, shots at my adversaries
Dem niggaz scary best it's time to be buried
'Cause I'll be buckin' in a fuckin' hurry


Tell em'
Thug for life
High till I die
When em' stupid ass bitches ask why?

2pac

Game? Thicker than most of these tricks
I got my mind on makin' money,
But you stuck on these fake bitches
And jealous muthafuckas can't see
That it's the fame that caught these stupid bitches, pass the pussy free
So tell me why you sweatin' a muthafucka like me?
A young nigga tryin' to a hustle up some G's
You pussy ass playa hatin' hoes speakin' down on niggas
Jumpin' around at the shows
And your the first muthafucka to jump
To the trunk when it's time for fun
Little trick ass punk
Thug muthafuckas don't die we get high and we multiply
Muthafuckaa!
Give a holla to my niggas in the Bay
I'm livin' in LA still clutchin' on my AK


Tell em'
Thug for life
High till I die
When em' stupid ass bitches ask why?

Thug for life biatch!

Yeah nigga, thug life, from now till the muthafuckin' ever
Havenotz in this muthafucka
(Girl)

Scott Storch

(Hook (Tupac)

Why'd you sland crack? I had to
Why'd you sland crack? 'Cause I had to
Why'd you sland crack? 'Cause I had to
A nigga gotta pay the fuckin' bills

(Verse 1 (Tupac)

Crazy, I gotta look at what you gave me, claimin I'ma criminal when you the one that made me
They got me trapped in this slavery
Now I'm lost in the holocaust headin for my grave G
I told Sam he could fuck the war, and got a busted jaw for sayin' "fuck the law"
And if you wonder why I'm mad, check the record
What's a nigga gotta do to get respected
Sometimes I think I'm getting tested, and if I don't say "yes" a nigga quick to get arrested
That's the reason I stay zestin (??), I keep a vest on my chest incase the cops is getting
Restless
Walkin' round ready to light shit up, because my life is fucked, some say I'm slightly nuts
Buck buck is the sound as I move up, other niggas pay attention when a fool bust
They make a nigga be a killer, I used to be a dealer but they wanted to see whos realer
Now them same motherfuckas wanna murder me, and I wonder if the lord ever heard of me
I need loot, so I'm doin' what I do, and don't say shit until you've walked in my shoes,
There's no other destiny to choose, I had nothing left to lose, so I'm singin' the po nigga blues


(Verse 2 (Tupac)

Coppin these brand new shoes, but what the fuck can a nigga do, my little boy gotta eat too
So why must I sock a fella? Just live large like rocafella
And did you ever stop to think? I'm old enough to go to war but I ain't old enough to drink
Cops wanna hit me with the book, and you hooked on my "I don't give a fuck" look
Makin' rules, I'ma break em, no matter how much you make em, show me bakin, I'ma take em
So don't you ever temp me, I'm a fool for mine nigga, and my pockets stay empty
To my brother in the barrio, you livin' worse then the niggas in ghetto so
I give a fuck about your language or complexion, you got love for the niggas in my section
You got problems with the punk police, don't run from the chumps, get the pump from me
We ain't free, I'll be damned if I played a chip for a blonde haired blue eyed Caucasian bitch
Down with my home boy rich, fuck a snitch and groupie ass bitch
And a nigga with a cellular phone, leave his baby at home so he can go out and bone (huh)
And you wonder why we blazin' niggas, 'cause you punks haven babies can't raise the niggas
And they damned to be fuck ups too, drink 40s of brew, singin' the nigga blues


Why'd you sland crack? 'Cause I had to
Why'd you sland crack? 'Cause I had to
Why'd you sland crack? 'Cause I had to
And now I'm headin for the motherfuck in PEN
Nigga fuck that gin and juice, I'm fuckin' with Hennessey
Just pour me a glass of that dark shit
That's right

(2Pac) They wanna knows my role model, it's in a brown bottle
(S.B.) Ooh, ba-ba, ba-ba-dah
(2Pac) Hennessey (Hennessey) hahaha, yeah
(2Pac) They wanna knows my role model, it's in a brown bottle
(S.B.) Ooh, ba-ba, ba-ba-dah
(2Pac) Hennessey (Hennessey)

(Verse One: 2Pac)
Now I was born in the gutter facin life or death
I was a thug ever since my mama gave me breath
These motherfuckers wanna see me die, so who am I
To try to warn 'em, I buck and bomb 'em, them niggaz fry
Hey, remember me? Down that Hennessey
The nigga you don't wanna see, let me procede
My definition of some thug shit, y'all don't hear me
Now that it's poppin' ain't no love bitch
I maintain in the game in the gutter's where I still kick it
I'm tryin' to hustle up a meal ticket
I'm still wicked in my ways, a hustler till my dyin' days
Ain't nuttin wrong with gettin' paid, so nigga blaze
'Cause we some motherfuckin fools
Walkin' through the streets wearin jewels, breakin niggaz makin' moves
Even the cops can't stop us, my enemies flip
When they see me drink a fifth of that Hennessey

(Chorus w/ minor variations)

(Verse Two: Edi Amin)
Yeah
Up late nights (c'mon) under the city lights
The Henn got me feelin' right, I'm tryin' to keep from swervin
She's so fine and she love Henn too
After a couple of shots she said, "I could do what I wanna do"
(That's right) We ain't sippin champagne (nah) we off the Henn-Rock
Alcoholics back at the liquor sto' 'cause we can't stop (can't stop)
And won't stop (we won't stop) all night long
Till the break of dawn, gettin' it on, Hennessey

(Sleepy Brown)
Ooh, lady watchin' (lady watchin') as I'm glidin by (glidin by)
And the place is jumpin'... that I can't deny (no, no, no)
Ooh I can't wait to go in, throw my glass in the sky (glass in the sky)
For the people partyin, till the mornin light

(Chorus w/ minor variations)

(2Pac) Hahaha, y'all niggaz can't fuck with this ol' thug shit


(Sleepy Brown - over Chorus second half)
We keep on sippin, and sippin, and sippin

(S.B.) Keep on sippin, and sippin, and sippin, ba-ba, ba-ba-dah, Hennessey
Yo 'Pac yo, I heard you got beat up by the police
Got a big fat lawsuit and everything
Niggaz just wanna know
If you still gon' be on some crooked-ass sheeeit

(2Pac)
Please tell me what's a nigga to do, and it's true
Ain't nuttin new, so I do, what I can to get through
Now first they had me trapped and now I'm pissed
A loaded AK-47 lay under my head so I don't trip
One motherfucker from the Underground
And Big Stretch buckin niggaz if they fuck around
Yo why I got beef with police?
Ain't that a bitch that motherfuckers got a beef with me
They make it hard for me to sleep
I wake up at the slightest peep, and my sheets are 3 feet deep
I guess it's hard for you to see
But now I'm pointin the finger at police
Instead of them motherfuckers blamin me
I got the right to bear a pistol
And when the punk motherfuckers get to trippin' I got shit too
And maybe then you'll see the truth (hell yeah)
But until then, I gotta do what I do
And stay a crooked nigga too

(Chorus: Raphael Saadiq)
I've got to do, what I'm gon' do
I'm gon' say what I'm gon' say
I'm gon' live how I live - how else you want a nigga to live?
I'm gon' do, what I do
I'm gon' say, what I say
I'm gon' live how I live - how do you want a nigga to live?

(2Pac)
Y'know you really can't say that ya blame niggaz
Fuck bein tame, set aflame, time to aim triggers
2Pac'll spark a revolution, fuck the Constitution
I want my bucks for restitution
This time you got a bigger problem
Time to face the niggaz from South Central, Oakland, Brooklyn and Harlem
And we ain't shootin at each other
That's my motherfuckin brother, so Dave Duke, run for cover
And all the bitches from the Klan
Come feel the wrath of a black man that doesn't smoke crack and
I don't drink St. Ides (fuck that!)
Genuine Draft, ganja ganja, and my fuckin' tec-9
They know they scared to see us sober
Stop drinkin' King Cobra, and niggaz'll take the world over
It's all up to you (up to you)
Blame the Korean, blame the jew, or be a crooked nigga too


(2Pac)
Aiyyo! Why me? Play like Jasmine Guy and try me
I'll be damned if I die, come look at the rage in my eyes G
They got my homies in a jail cell
And it's the Rebel and the Devil, and one of us is goin' to Hell
I got the whole place covered, with loc'd out brothers
And nuttin but love for each other
So motherfucker make a motion
I give a fuck, slice you up, and throw your ass in the ocean
Temperatures drop; see it's cool to shoot a nigga
But they hate it when we pop the cops
That's when they gettin' petrol
You better watch your step or you'll be left on death row
But I learn to look ahead of me
Stay strapped watch your back keep your eyes on the enemy
We blowin' up precincts and Ooh
You can't fuck with the crew, of crooked nigga too


(Raphael Saadiq)
It's the coldest town from here to Georgia
(I'm a crooked nigga too)
It's the coldest town from here to Georgia
It's the coldest town from here to Georgia
(I'm a crooked... crooked nigga too)
It's the coldest town from here to Georgia
Y'all gon' stop fuckin' with me

(Chorus - repeat to fade)
(2Pac)
Now I've got to ask, on a nigga's ass, tell me will they blast me?
I think of an alias in case these crooked bitches ask me
Now, it's gettin' crazy after dark, these NARC's
Be like tryin' to shut me down but I'm too smart
Now picture me scared of the penitentiary
I've been movin these things since the days of elementary
Now tell me what you need when you see me
I'm stackin G's, buyin all the things on TV, believe me
I got some killers on my payroll, and they know
When it's time to handle business, nigga lay low
Although I'm young, I'm still comin' up
I'm gettin' paid, pullin razors on niggaz when they runnin' up
The first to pull a strap when there's drama - busta you ain't heard?
I've been slicin motherfuckers since I lost my mama
There ain't a cop that can stop me
My posse is cock D, and they don't quit until they drop me
I'm loyal to the game

("Prince of peace must hear our plea")
("Told life you'd be back") ("There you were")
("Prince of peace must hear our plea")
("Everybody look around") ("There is no hope")
("Prince of peace must hear our plea")
("Brothers we better get hip")

(Big Syke)
My mama say I'm crazy 'cause I'm all about the hood
I can't get my shit together but I'm on leather and wood
And the hood is all I know, patrol and circle the block
Off the curb and niggaz swerve, serve a smoker a rock
And I'm hot like fish grease and nigga so is my Caddy
And I'm steady catchin static, move the traffic to the alley
Out in Cali niggaz rally others all for the soil
Mix the work with bakin soda and get the water to boil
OH NO can't no busters hang, I hope you feel me mayne
Cause snitches bitches and they ain't been loyal to the game
My niggaz feel my pain, when sunshine turn to rain
You know these buster motherfuckers came to fuck the game
And it's a shame I see the mark in they eyes
When they yellin' that he tellin' get to me, no surprise, nigga


("And come off this trip")

(DJ Quik)
Loyalty, undeservedly, never heard of me
I, be the exception, the epitome of adaption
The superficial surroundings, bullets fiends cockhounds and
Enemies in my family extortin schemin and scammin me (pop pop)
I'm like loose rollin', I'm growin' until the diesel hit me
I'm badder than bruised, and madder havin' to choose
'Tween happiness and the blues, and who be fillin my shoes
When I done had it with crews, ecstatic to see me lose
But panic when I be smooth, I'm manic but I'm no fool
Y'all rappin' I'm talkin' cool, and Columbine is not new
In Compton they shoot up schools too, ridin' by to see who's who
Cock the shotty they cruise through, rock the body blood ooze through
Tell his family that dude's blue, no comin' back
From him scrappin when niggaz was packin and he wasn't packin too
So if you feel me you know when they try to kill me they slow
I seen from 'round the corner with mirrors and creeped up on 'em

(Chorus - 5/6ths)

("Thugs throw like wine down a nigga's throat
If this shit don't STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP!")
(Feat. Krayzie Bone)

Am I wrong 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?
Am I wrong 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?
Get it on till I die
Get it on till I die
Y'all, Y'all remember me
Y'all, Y'all remember me

(Chorus: Krayzie Bone)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
(Pac's home)

(Verse 1: Tupac)
After the fire comes the rain
After the pleasure there's pain
Even though we broke for the moment we'll be balling again
Time to make y'all, my military be prepared for the busters similar to
Bitches to scary, get to near me we rush 'em
Visions of over packed prisons
Million's of niggas thug living
Pressure's, three strikes I hope they don't test us
So pull the heat out, ammunition in crate's (shh)
Move without a sound as we slide down pistols in place
I'm sensing niggas is defenceless I'm hitting fence's then getting ghost
Who can prevent me shooting senseless?
At these niggas throats
Bitch made niggas and that bullshit you going through
Outlaws busting while we rushing
We untouchable
Fuck you niggas and that bullshit you going through
We Outlaws rushing you busting you
We untouchable

(Chorus: Krayzie Bone and Tupac)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
(Am I wrong 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
(Am I wrong 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
(Get it on till I die)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
(Get it on till I die)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
(Y'all, Y'all remember me)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
(Y'all, Y'all remember me)

(Verse 2: Krayzie Bone)
You niggas better not try to run up
And don't try to say we ain't told you
You're dealing with killers and soldiers
Nigga these explosives, trying to blow shit, running you over
Nigga controller
Whenever y'all niggas try to roll up
Thinking I'm a ho, well, come and let me show ya
I'm a light up the rhythm like dosia
Dumping so potent, nigga don't choke up
Flow up
Makaveli The Don, got niggas strapped and ready to bomb
As soon as I send the alarm, and when we're done
We've committed a red rum, leaving the enemies dead and gone
Leaving 'em niggas head's blown, 'cause they know they dead wrong
When the shots ring out you know we're coming through (Know we're coming through)
Talk a lot with your mouth, well what you gon' do? (So what you gon' do?)
Shut 'em down, busters be knowing to keep they distance
Thugs don't fuck around
We get back at 'em so swiftly, niggas is with me underground
Slug in a niggas mug, reppin' Midwest Side
Niggas if you a thug get your weapon, let's ride
Ride for Pac, Pac, get live for Pac, Pac, Pop off the Glock, Glock
The thugging it don't stop

(Chorus x2: Krayzie Bone and Tupac)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
(Am I wrong 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
(Am I wrong 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
(Get it on till I die)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
(Get it on till I die)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
(Y'all, Y'all remember me)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
(Y'all, Y'all remember me)

(Verse 3: Tupac)
Only wish to breed
I explode into a million seeds
Y'all remember me
Legendary live eternally
Bury me in pieces 'cause they fear reincarnation
Niggas screaming peace 'cause they fear when my squad face 'em
Take them to places, stake they face then erase 'em and brake 'em
Murder motherfucker's at a rate and then quicken the pace
Blast me but never ask me to live a lie
Am I wrong 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?
(Westcoast)
Now I'm worldwide
Niggas gossip like girls then hide
No offence to Nas but this whole fucking world is mine
Even if you blind you can still see my prophecy
My destiny to overthrow those on top of me
Fiending for currency the money be calling
Can you feel me, dreaming?
Seeing scenes of me balling?
Fuck you bitch made niggas and that bullshit you going through
Outlaws busting while we rushing
We untouchable
Fuck you niggas and that bullshit you going through
We Outlaws rushing you busting you
We untouchable
(LT Hutton talking)

Uh oh, Uh oh, Oh!, Oh!, Oh!
They ain't ready for this
LT Hutton
T.I.
Ashanti
It's that new 'Pac y'all

(Chorus: Ashanti)

Pac's life
(Everybody need's to chill)
Everybody talking 'bout Pac's life
(It's Tupac the king)
What do you know about Pac's life
(What do you know? What do you know?)
(Only real niggas stay on top)
Everybody talking 'bout Pac's life
(Outlawz)

(Verse One: Tupac)

Started with five shots, niggas plotting to kill him
Never figured that, that same nigga sell five million
Hit the charts like a mad man nothing but hits
Court cases got a nigga facing multiple digits
Dodging cop cars look how we come so far
Picture a high school drop out
Rolling a double R
House full of happiness, weed and drank
Way out
So when trouble tried to find me can't
Never visioned living longer than my twenty first
Thought I'd locked down, cracked out or in the dirt
And though it hurts to see the change
It comes with the fame
Watch them gossip in this silly game
To all the motherfucker's speaking down on me this is the night
Why's everybody caught up In Pac's life?
To all y'all niggas
Conversating on my life
Mind your motherfucking business


(Verse Two: T.I)

I remember that
Ay
What's happening Pac
Yeah I know we never got to meet
But we know all the same people so we got to speak
You taught me first, fake nigga can't stop a G
And all the shit you went through
Meant a lot to me
But when they locked you up for for nothing it was shame to see
You we know the crack came and did the same thing to me
I get along with real niggas it's the lane to be
Talking loud out of pocket tryna bang with me
And so I pull it out my pocket let it rain you see
Now they all in the court room blaming me
See we ain't live the same life but represent the same struggle
Power to the real niggas death to the sucker's
Money over bitches, get to know 'em for you love 'em
Death before dishonour never talk to undercover's
Live by the same rules so I minus the tattoo's
With the same sort of dude with he same short fuse


(Verse Three: Tupac)

I want money in large amounts
My garage full of cars that bounce
Moving my tapes in major weight cause every dollar counts
Busters is jealous and half these niggas is punks
They running off at the mouth till I fill it up with my pump
They jump my automatic keep 'em weary
While you fronting like you Billy Bad Ass
Nigga you scary
I been knowing you for years
We was high school peers
In Junior High
I was itching' to kill
And you was, 'Ready To Die'
While you bullshitting niggas was dying and catching cases
Busting my automatics at motherfucker's in foreign places
Leaving no trace, they see my face and then they buried
Bitches die in a hurry
Still I ride, I'm never worried
Mr. Makaveli tell me to ride and I'ma ride
Pick my enemies out the crowd
And motherfucker's die
It's not the way I wanna live
My nigga it's how it is
Only real niggas stay on top


Why are all you niggas all up in my shit?
Tell them motherfucker's
Outlawz
Fuck all y'all
(Chorus: Carl Thomas)
Who you are,
One Nation under a thug and bullet scar,
Young nation, no revolution and no cause,
One Nation, young, black and dangerous by far,
Young nation just trying to get this

(Verse 1: 2pac)
Murderous mind state,
Can't keep my nine straight,
Sippin' on this Hennessy, waiting for the time to break,
Show up and muthafuckas bow down, recognize
Westside, Death Row, Outlaw, Ridaz,
Untouchable mob of pistol packers,
Well-known felons labeled for 'drug-selling merciless jackers',
Forever buzz, roll with thugs and dogs,
Commence the letting off rounds, then escape in the fog,
Who wants to see me solo?
Catch Makaveli while he sleeping,
My mini fourteen murdering niggaz while they creepin', (Uh)
Duck cause you ass out,
Drink till you pass out,
Ain't scared to die, drunk driving in my glass house,
Niggaz is under me,
They bitches come to me,
They heard the stories nigga, now they wanna really see,
Bomb First, my motto, it's fully guaranteed,
Niggaz is playa haters, label them my enemies,
I'm dumpin'

(Chorus: Carl Thomas)
Who you are,
One Nation under a thug and bullet scar,
Young nation, no revolution and no cause,
One Nation, young, black and dangerous by far,
Young nation just trying to get this

(Verse 2: Hussein Fatal)
When it's on, I'm poppin' off every chance I get,
Out the window on some uptown anthem shit,
I'm stressin', but ain't no pressure, I been here before,
Fugitive taskforce at my girlfriends' door,
Now they checkin' in her bedroom, I ain't there,
Forty Cals, extended clips, still I ain't scared,
Outlaw, and best believe they won't take me alive,
I'm different and I'mma prove it if it take me to die,
You think God had a plan for me?
But he won't be layin' up in my casket or doin' life in the can for me,
Maybe I'm brazen or paranoid than a bitch,
Me dyin', you think I'd let him see the joy from that shit?
Walking dead, angels spend their last days by me,
New Jersey Giant like Dave Tyree,
Young George or Jonathan Chat,
Your guns clap,
Mine will go 'br-r-r-r-att',
Soldier like Geronimo Pratt,
And come through cockin' tha black pound,
When they put the twin towers up, Pac, I'm knockin' 'em back down,
Poster child,
Air Force Ones, with the checks,
I'm supposed to wild sex,
Money and murder is all I breathe in my life,
It's full of judges and chasin' enemies in the night,
Through the Henny, I see the eyes of the Devil,
He's ridin' with extra boxes of bullets and a nina and a shovel

(Chorus: Carl Thomas)
Who you are,
One Nation under a thug and bullet scar,
Young nation, no revolution and no cause,
One Nation, young, black and dangerous by far,
Young nation just trying to get this

(Verse 3: Papoose)
I always thought I'd have to die to do a record with Pac,
So I wrote from the perspective of a graveyard box,
You end up in the box 'cause them grave robbin' bastards,
Dig your grave up and snatched you out the casket,
Worms in my eyes, eating through my cabbage,
The flesh to the bones,
The bones to the ashes,
But I'm not dead,
I'm actually in a session with the Pac Keeper, Sha Money, progressing,
They don't really want no drama, I know they goons,
That's why I keep pressure on 'em like a open wound,
This God given, he keep givin' me better music,
So every time you hear me, my songs present improvement,
Y'all can't kill me, y'all forever losin',
Songs of evolution,
If I load your gun for you and we bang it out with some other niggas, you better shoot it,
Don't try to lie and say you was bustin', I'm clever, stupid,
Claimin' you reppin' Ruthless,
You got the same bullets you had when I loaded it for you, you never used it,
The Nasareema dream, get ready for execution,
Papoose, Fatal and Pac
The revolution

(Chorus: Carl Thomas)
Who you are,
One Nation under a thug and bullet scar,
Young nation, no revolution and no cause,
One Nation, young, black and dangerous by far,
Young nation just trying to get this

Young nation just trying to get this

Just trying to get this
What's up boo (yeah)...hahahaha... yeah man
Another shady mission, (pause) tricks,
Like watchin picture's in hazy vision
Tonight it's love makin', take you any place you wish
Today we satisfy, yesterday was stolen kisses
Blind insanity perfect pictures of me and my family
Not understanding the death of me, had they plans for me
If I have kids, will I live to see em' grow
Though I don't know, I live the life of a thug nigga
Until the day I go with broken promises, a sacred bond broken
I know I die alone, but yet and still I'm hopin'
Vision's in prison's, maybe I'll be forgiven
I know it's better in heaven 'cause bein' here ain't livin'
Close my eye's and see nothin' but pain
The world's crazy, still lookin' for a queen
To plant seed's and have babies
Maybe I'll be the one, or just maybe I'm lost
You'll never know being cautious,
If you play your cards right

I wanna be the one who
Who you can depend on, who
Who'll be the one who'll be there
Through the thick and thin
Go by the water we won't leave until the mornin'
We won't leave until the night
And we will be forever more

(Keisha)
No one else can do, what you do for me
Take me away from the pain, I feel inside
And it's gonna be all right, and it'll be okay
If we try and take our time, yes baby, take our time
And we'll grow, trust I know
I wanna be the one whooo

I wanna be the one who
Who you can depend on, who
Who'll be the one who'll be there
Through the thick and thin
Go by the water, we won't leave until the mornin'
We won't leave until the night

And we will be forever more

(Pac) (Keisha ad-libs)
Gotta play your cards right on one
Can't be rushin like it's a race, you know what I'm sayin'
If you be patient and take your time
And you finesse it
9 times out of 10 homeboy, you gonna wake up wit ya breakfast in bed
But if you rush, (Hey)
And you just be man handlin, haha, (It takes a real man)
Your ass goin' home tonight, Haha (Hey)
Play your cards right nigga, take your time, be patient
Go slow, it's better that way
You ain't heard?
Playa cards right

I wanna be the one who
Who you can depend on, who
Who'll be the one who'll be there
Through the thick and thin
Go by the water, we won't leave until the mornin'
We won't leave until the night
And we will be forever more

(Pac) (Keyshia ad-libs)
Take your time man, (Take ya time)
Don't be in such a rush, (In a rush) Haha (Be forever more)
You got to be patient man, be patient
It ain't goin' nowhere one, (Nowhere)
Get some champagne, (Haha, be forever more)
Bring some roses or sometihin ya know
Play some soft shit,
Light a fire, (Luther Vandross)
You gotta be cool wit it, (Teddy, Teddy)
You gotta be slow wit it, (Ooh be so)
Got ta be patient, you gotta playa cards right on one
Can't be rushin like it's a race, you know what I'm sayin'
If you be patient and take your time
And you finesse it
Tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do
Now whatz next
Tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do
Now whatz next

Caught up in the middle, my life's a riddle, don't let it get ya
I wanna be legal but it's this hustle that get me richer
One love to my peoples makin' money, I can see you bubblin'
Avoid all trouble beware of devils continue strugglin'

Nothin's impossible if there's a will there's a way
So get your mind on official business, you can be great
And it's been this way from the cradle to the grave so get paid
My niggaz do this every fuckin' day we parlay

Through politics and conversation
This information to my thug niggaz in the congregation
Watch and bare witness to the pleasures of participation
Separation is self destruction, what's needed is unification

'Cause the world ain't hardly scared if not prepared
Be sure to be bummy and be no longer there
But no one cares it's there to share all we get is stares
Because of fear we'll evaporate say your prayers and whatz next?

Hard living's got me going insane
But I'm addicted to the hustle, I'm trapped in the game
Whatz next?
I'm going crazy
Tell me, tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do?
Whatz next

Hard living's got me going insane
But I'm addicted to the hustle, I'm trapped in the game
Whatz next?
I'm going crazy
Tell me, tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do?

Makaveli tried to warn us but niggaz ain't listen to Pac
Naw, listen, listen nigga really listen to Pac
Shit yean got it yet no then you won't get it
Might as well measure 'em up and have his ass fitted, why

Caught slippin' dog trippin' didn't soak game
Got his wig split like dem shutters on the airplane
Never will change niggaz wit' no name, no shame
Might open ya head foe mess broke change

I stay posted like a flag
Starin' through my rear view ballin' in a jag
Bounce wit me Cali body rock down in H-Town
We gon' put these artificial bustas in they place now

Time foe a change, real niggaz rollin' wit' me
Money makin' swift decisions we controllin' the streets
Side track by the broads and the frauds, ain't it strange?
It's the reason so many niggaz get scarred in the game, whatz next?

Hard living's got me going insane
But I'm addicted to the hustle, I'm trapped in the game
Whatz next?
I'm going crazy
Tell me, tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do?
Whatz next

Hard living's got me going insane
But I'm addicted to the hustle, I'm trapped in the game
Whatz next?
I'm going crazy
Tell me, tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do?

That money gotta make it what I gotta do to make it
Do I really gotta take it put this mack up to you face it
Doin' what we gotta do to survive
Just ask Kweli doin' what we do to get by

Some niggaz stick to the crime pitchin' nickel and dimes
What the fuck we suppose to do? Who gon' give us a job?
So I tried and tried, tried to get out the grind
But the block kept on callin' me back, fiends kept on callin' for crack

So I supply 'em wit' that, gave 'em a reasonable fee
Nigga don't blame it on me shit just look where I'm at
Niggaz in gardens L A P D is the target
Niggaz is heartless hustle regardless

Look that dope spot use to be an apartment
But now it's just a place to hide the guns in the closet
Watch ya step shift the grams under the carpet
We just tryin' hard not to see that coffin, whatz next?

Hard living's got me going insane
But I'm addicted to the hustle, I'm trapped in the game
Whatz next?
I'm going crazy
Tell me, tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do?
Whatz next

Hard living's got me going insane
But I'm addicted to the hustle, I'm trapped in the game
Whatz next?
I'm going crazy
Tell me, tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do?

Tell me what the fuck am I supposed to do
Tell me what the fuck am I supposed to do
Now whatz next?
Quit'staring at me like a infra-red nigga

(Chorus: Tupac)

Don't fall asleep
You can get your cash on nigga if you peep
Other niggas close there eyes seeing dreams in they sleep
But don't fall a sleep
Don't fall asleep
You can get your cash on

(Verse One: Tupac)

Pictures of plenty
Sippin' my glass full of Henny
Hands on my Semi -
- Automatic kill for pennies
Approach for contact
'Cause I'm live I multiply
Soon as I open fire
Niggas die with open eyes
Scared to take a nap
It's a trap
A long maze
Dreamin' of getting stacks
Makin' scratch the wrong way
What song says
We murder motherfuckas daily
Black out
Blow the the track out
My lyrics never fail me
I inhale strong weed
Then release the stress
Deliver the bomb shit from the East to West
Like Yayo
Niggas pull out
When I say so
Commence to poppin'
Motherfuckers copy it's fatal
Efficiently I delete and flee
The art of war living sucka free
Get with me
Mutherfuckers just don't sleep

(Verse Two: Young Buck)

I'm staring through my rear-view doing 'bout 90
The pedal to the metal
So I can't see what's behind me
Buckle up your seat belt
Eyes on the road
They know we riding dirty got playa hiding Gold
They go down to the projects, the clubs been closed
And then they wonder why niggas braking down O's
I'm a runaway slave
You get it nigga, off the chain
I got that Thug Life shit running through my veins
And now they scared
They knowing that I've been heaven sent
And yeah we know the dop coming from the President
But look at us
We ain't got shit to lose
The life we ballin' if we got a new pair of tennis shoes
In the Ghetto
Or better yet home-sweet-home
This is the land of the free, but to me that's wrong
I'm on my way to the White House
Strapped with my heat
So don't fall asleep
Come on nigga


(Verse Three: Chamillionare)

They say that the more they hate you
The more that it motivates you
My minds set on crime, my mentals set on the paper
62 hours and counting and I'm still awake
And they slipping me sleeping pill's with the will I break
Broke niggas always telling you how to make your cash and just
So I just stop listening and now my cash is up
Red dotted the media they always mad at us
I don't see them trying to mediate when they get they Gat's and bust
They just instigating as soon as they get the tape, it's dropped
And my niggas locked as soon as they get the case
Personally I ain't tripping on all that rapping stuff
I'm taking back my money counter's wasn't fast enough
Yup
I got a couple problems
And none of them is money
And pretend they love me and say they buddies
Sometimes I want to mauve with the Ruger
Kill ya like Freddie Kruger
These nightmare's just ain't as bloody
The media they always asking me what my passion is (And)
Money talks to I always have voice to answer this
I can't relax 'cause it's like I'm a fetty activist
See me on TV never a mattress

(Chorus repeated till end)

Don't go to sleep nigga
Don't close your eyes
Don't go to sleep
Sleep baby
Makaveli:
Eternally Thug Nigga Hilfigger made by Tommy
So when I speak hope to reach my ?? Mamis
Or come to Papi I love it when its wet and sloppy
In and out the mouth piece till I cum no one can stop me
My bump and grind will do you every time
Come get a blast of this Thug passion and blow your mind
Hey, throw up your legs, wrap those shits around my back
It's a WESTSIDE thing fuckin' hoes 'round the map
Walkin' down 125 while I'm peepin out hotties
And they seduce my Jimmy I'll be screamin gimmie body
Make 'em all scream my name out gimmie my props and don't ya love how this Thug nigga beat up the cock
I'm at the 'Rican Parade I'm watchin Caramel bitches play
Get wit' real niggas bullshittin never get you paid
This is the dream of a young black teen
I feed my hoes cross country like a greedy crack fiend. Now Come On!

Hey Girl, I can tell you want it by the way you dancin on the floor
Hey Girl, I can look in your eyes and tell you want some more
Oh Girl, Don't worry about this better just keep doing what you do
Hey Girl, Girl tonight you can be international

Nipsey:
Check it out Nipsey I pull it up to the club on one of the chrome things I'm crispy shinnin from my wrist to my gold chain
Anywhere I go I keep it hood I Never change
If it ain't got it in my lap I got it stashed in the range
(Pow pow) I'm gettin' bread on the rover private jet anywhere I tell him he'll fly to my respect have these girls sayin' daddy I'll do anything you ask get
It crackin' when I slide through as God as my witness right hand on the bible and Tokyo hunny turned it up hotty got though I stroke for show now up in
Atlanta at the strip club she thick 'cause took me to the slots where the crib was went full throttle got it crackin' I ain't bashful from the kitchen to the
Counter top and the bath more flips more trips more stamps on my passport
Told her drop me at Horseville I'm International

Hey Girl, I can tell you want it by the way you dancin on the floor
Hey Girl, I can look in your eyes and tell you want some more
Oh Girl, Don't worry about this better just keep doing what you do
Hey Girl, Girl tonight you can be international

Young Dre:
Ooh... Young Dre the Truth, Makaveli, LT Hutton, Nipsey International
Its mr hood national rider with a passport Just landed from Paris homie pick me up I'm at the airport with two bottles or more and a bottle of Puerto
Rican Weed get somethin' poppin' 'cause tomorrow got course on course I'm ready to get it feel it goin' down right now hop in the whip pop a bottle lit the
Blunt right now hit about a buck fifty seconds later at the party right now we celebratin' Makaveli 2pacalypse Now escape through the front though they ???
Tippy-toes cruisin' up get the door if you loose a chick let her go she done chose this over bro look around it's hard to feel dimes in high heels came
Form Japan, New York, to Cali to chill they choosin' for real with no grill in my mental peep my swagger is tremendous make moves monumental it was me
Three mamis E-40 and Pac at the La Manz Round After Party it just don't stop

Hey Girl, I can tell you want it by the way you dancin on the floor
Hey Girl, I can look in your eyes and tell you want some more
Oh Girl, Don't worry about this better just keep doing what you do
Hey Girl, Girl tonight you can be international

(Fade away)
Shit

When I enter the first zone worst known mic holder
My Hummer roll up evacuating strapped soldiers
Inside strategy manifestin' military styles
Casually try da G when niggas battle me

My prophesied prediction, switch and move positions
Separated from his gun and bitch and watch 'em start snitchin'
I keep spittin' still stupid niggas fail to listen
I personify this thug livin', hell or prison

My ammunition varies, my voice carries
Watch me invite the whole world, me and the mob gettin' married
It seems all the fine screams pierce the dark
This is expected, a trick bitch where's your heart?

You mark, watch niggas fall when I call they name
We outlaws hold your head niggas all the same
Except some who want more out of life than stress
We still thuggin' 'til it's none left, don't sleep

We gon' ride, keep my pistol on my side
Always creep wit' the nine when I ride, don't sleep
Blowin' pine, always hustlin' on the grind
'Cause I gotta get mine all the time, don't sleep

We gon' ride, keep my pistol on my side
Always creep wit' the nine when I ride, don't sleep
Blowin' pine, always hustlin' on the grind
'Cause I gotta get mine all the time

Dumpin' on motherfuckers at random
Rapidly wit' accuracy, they shouldn't've talk bad to me
It had to be a motherfuckin' murder
I'm glad to be a nigga that did the murder

So sad to see another motherfucker floatin'
In plastic reef, sleep wit' his head wide open
Rapid release, keep the police coastin'
Casualties warrant in deep east Oakland

Yolk the nigga off the asphalt, drove off to the hills
Positioned him on his knees and blew the back off
Death with the lex ruger, death to ya
Niggas cry when the bullet fly, kill and execute 'em

I blast first 'til they body me like my guns in varieties
Runnin' wit' the real big willies you silly punks try to be
But front doin' my walk by's rollin' a blunt
Hand on my nuts in a getaway car full of stunts

Addicted to my nine movin' like crime through time
Poppin' niggas like pimples nigga nothin' simple 'bout mine
Etch-a-sketchin', dumpin' on all you punks at intersections
Day in and day out ain't no easy way outs or easy exits, don't sleep

We gon' ride, keep my pistol on my side
Always creep wit' the nine when I ride, don't sleep
Blowin' pine, always hustlin' on the grind
'Cause I gotta get mine all the time, don't sleep

We gon' ride, keep my pistol on my side
Always creep wit' the nine when I ride, don't sleep
Blowin' pine, always hustlin' on the grind
'Cause I gotta get mine all the time

When I hit the street all I can see is the grind
Blood sweat and tear when I bust my rhyme
Yeah I un for my folk like I load my nine
And when I let loose then no crew standin' but mine

I gives a damn 'bout lame nigga actin' schiesty
Same one knew I was in jail and didn't write me
Wanna fight me then come find me
Whateva you do shawty you betta think wisely

You might see me wit' a stack in the trap
I use my thoughts and pen similar to a saran wrap
A lil' lame nigga I'll neva be, yeah, I'ma keep it G
I'm from the Three and Scrap will neva sleep

We gon' ride, keep my pistol on my side
Always creep wit' the nine when I ride, don't sleep
Blowin' pine, always hustlin' on the grind
'Cause I gotta get mine all the time, don't sleep

We gon' ride, keep my pistol on my side
Always creep wit' the nine when I ride, don't sleep
Blowin' pine, always hustlin' on the grind
'Cause I gotta get mine all the time, don't sleep

Don't sleep
Don't sleep
2PAC

Soon as I get home...

Soon as I get home...

Dear baby it's me
Again stuck inside this mad pen
Tryin' to pay my debt fpor all my sins 
These is penitentiary times
Be so heavy on my mind 
At times... it's like I'm livin' just to die
I'm livin' in hell
Stuck in my jail cell
Stranded in the county jail 
Waitin' for my chance to post bail
I wanna be paid in large stacks 
And mash in fast Jags
I blast and wonder how long will I last
My memories fade when I'm intoxicated
Bustas is shady 
So I'm dumpin' on cowards crazy whenever faded
I know I said it all before but now I mean it
Visions of me and you ballin'... so crystal clear I see it
Even though you mad at me 
You'll be glad to see the strategy
Of makin' these chips come... so easily
I max out in the morning baby life is good
Me and you against the whole hood 
Soon as I come home...

Garb my strap
Locate my comrades
Let's get my enemies not knowin' I'm comin' back
Go get the money out the safe
It's time to turn the streets into a warzone
Soon as I come home...

Sittin' here lookin' at pictures of me and you livin' 
But now you out in the world... while I'm twisted in prison
Love letters come daily
Words of affection
You send me money and nude pictures... beggin' for some sex 
Stay wide open keep your eyes peeled
And my advice is keep it it real or you could die squealin'
Plus I never have to worry about a visit 
'Cause you're there daily
Gaurds tryin' to get your number
You don't dare tell me
Tongue kissin' steady humpin'
Tryin' to touch you somethin'
'Fore the C.O. in the corner jump in
Frontin'
Late nights reminiscin'
Everybody's queit
I think somethin's in the air 
Prepare for the riot
It's padlocks in my socks
Steel from the bed springs 
I touch 'em with thug love
And then let they heads ring
Started a war but now I'm gone 
Release me to the streets in the morning
It's on 
Soon as I get home...

Grab my gats
Locate my comrades 
Let's get my enemies not knowin' I'm comin' back
Let's get my money out the safe 
It's time to turn the streets into a warzone
Soon as I get home...

Kadafi

Since you've been gone 
My whole life's been like a game of c-low
Take and pick like they keep a c-note
Fillin' my dreams like Nino... Brown
The whole town be shook up
And me and mama survivin' 
Depends on how many rocks... the young nigga cook up 
Narcotics got drastic
Seen 'em niggas you blated 
Wantin' me in a casket
On the grind coppin' plastic
Yeah nigga I heard
Little Moo gave the word
You get parol on the third
It's all out we just heard 
We out here frontin' 
Still here but all about nothin'
My double o's what I'm wantin' 
And I'm tryin' to see somethin'
That we ain't never had
Luxury life results... livin' bad
Tricks of the trade 
Shit that should've been taught by dad
But learned through the crew 
Lessons between me and you 
And once we lock this shit down 
It ain't a thing they could do
Meawhile I stay waitin' by the phone 
Hopin' I get the call
Tellin' a nigga that you home...

2PAC 

What?

Grab the gats 
Locate my comrades
Let's get my enemies not knowin' I'm comin' back
Go get my money out the safe 
It's time to turn the streets into a warzone
Soon as I get home...

Grab my gats
Locate my comrades 
Go get my enemies not knowin' I'm comin' back
Go get my money out the safe 
It's time to turn the streets into a warzone 
Soon as I get home...

Grab my gats
Locate my comrades 
Let's get my enemies not knowin' I'm comin' back
Go get my money out the safe 
It's time to turn the streets into a warzone 
Soon as I come home...

Grab my gats 
Locate my comrades 
Let's get my enemies not knowin' I'm comin' back
Go get my money out the safe 
It's time to turn the streets into a warzone
Soon as I get home...

Grab my gats 
Locate my comrades 
Go get my enemies not knowin' I'm comin' back
Go get my money out the safe 
It's time to turn the streets into a warzone
Soon as I get home...       

Grab my gats
Locate my comrades 
Let's get my enemies not knowin' I'm comin' back
Go get my money out the safe 
It's time to turn the streets into a warzone 
Soon as I get home...

Grab my gats
Locate my comrades
Let's get my enemies not knowin' I'm comin' back
Go get my money out the safe...(fades gradually)...
(Daz)
Yeah...
'Pac, Dat Nigga Daz (yeah) Kurupt
All up in this bitch

Don't stop, keep goin' (*repeat 6X*)
Don't stop...
Don't stop...

(Spoken over Intro)
Keep it goin', got my nigga Slip Capone
Hahahaha, hell yeah, lot of fakers is out there
Niggaz get around these backwoods
Get around they mommas, pull up they pants
Hide they rags and start to act good, hahahahaha!

(Daz)
Who mashes with the crazy, illest niggaz in town? (I do)
Killin' willingly, who got the right to make a sound?
My sound break block, corners, avenues and drives
It's about time the mashin is arrived
I take you on a mission, be on a mission, I'm packin steel
Steadily givin' these niggaz no passes on livin' (no passes)
I spend major loot on khaki suits
Nikes and kroker-saks to sweat suits, and leather boots
I box niggaz twice my size, I bust wit a fo'-five
Lick you up in yo' eye, blast, make the party live
I live the unusual, crucial life
So pay attention when I come through for you and your crew
As just a man and his music, I ain't afraid to use it
Bruise you badly, you want confusion, I mean it's useless
To step to this, we in effect, we dangerous
Contendin mental murderers and ain't afraid to diss
Biatch! (yeah)

(2Pac)
Now I been called crazy, to fade me it's not possible (haha)
I give a fuck, what you thought, or who you brought witchu?
(Bad Boy killer) A Bad Boy killer, Biggie annihilator
They wonderin why he breathin, but bitches is dyin' later (ah)
Better laugh now, then cry when I come to get you
I hit you with two glocks, and leave you with scar tissue
On some loco shit (loco), my pistol smoke yo' shit (smoke)
Let's go for dolo BIATCH, and watch me flow yo' shit
Mr., Makaveli movin pieces like telekenesis
It's like a chess game, let's play wit real pieces (hell yeah)
Shots rang and niggaz brains were spilt
Another Bad Boy affiliated (Bad Boy killer) nigga was kilt
I hit the funeral and busted his folks
And leave the scene like a shadow in a blaze of smoke
Don't stop, keep goin'

Don't stop, keep goin' (*repeat 6X*)

(Kurupt)
Well it's that seventeen shot glock cocker, the block rocker (fool)
Hardcore hooligan, verbal assault chopper
Finally televised - Kurupt, Daz reside (resides)
Lethal with mics like guns, bats and knives
Those who oppose are my foes, all stand in rows
Deadliest MC across the globe, Kurupt Capone
(That's that nigga) I packs heat when it's cold
Too much pressure makes ya fold, so lo' and behold
Why you waitin for the poetical Satan?
Creatin' slaughters, runnin' through camps like Walter Payton
I snatch ya breath (ah!) and bust till there's no one left
Who goes against the program, I'm the Man like Meth
(I'm the man nigga) I don't trust ya (I don't)
The second I get a chance I'ma bust ya
No matter where, you could be in Russia I'ma touch ya
(Like that) Vocal assassin, motivated by cash
Shoot for the loot, brownies and black mags

Don't stop, keep goin' (*repeat 7X*)
Don't stop, don't stop

...
Let the speakers bump - BIATCH! (let the speakers bump)
For everybody out there that got the humps in they Jeep
Big Suburbans, they Lexuses, they Beemers
We gon' break it down a lil' somethin' like this
For you to get yo' sub on throughout yo' neighborhood
Turn it up, check it out

(Daz)
They claim to be down, they say they down (man fuck you man)
Number one...
(LT Hutton talking)

Uh oh, Uh oh, Oh!, Oh!, Oh!
They ain't ready for this
LT Hutton
T.I.
Ashanti
It's that new 'Pac y'all

(Chorus: Ashanti)

Pac's life
(Everybody need's to chill)
Everybody talking 'bout Pac's life
(It's Tupac the king)
What do you know about Pac's life
(What do you know? What do you know?)
(Only real niggas stay on top)
Everybody talking 'bout Pac's life
(Outlawz)

(Verse One: Tupac)

Started with five shots, niggas plotting to kill him
Never figured that, that same nigga sell five million
Hit the charts like a mad man nothing but hits
Court cases got a nigga facing multiple digits
Dodging cop cars look how we come so far
Picture a high school drop out
Rolling a double R
House full of happiness, weed and drank
Way out
So when trouble tried to find me can't
Never visioned living longer than my twenty first
Thought I'd locked down, cracked out or in the dirt
And though it hurts to see the change
It comes with the fame
Watch them gossip in this silly game
To all the motherfucker's speaking down on me this is the night
Why's everybody caught up In Pac's life?
To all y'all niggas
Conversating on my life
Mind your motherfucking business


(Verse Two: T.I)

I remember that
Ay
What's happening Pac
Yeah I know we never got to meet
But we know all the same people so we got to speak
You taught me first, fake nigga can't stop a G
And all the shit you went through
Meant a lot to me
But when they locked you up for for nothing it was shame to see
You we know the crack came and did the same thing to me
I get along with real niggas it's the lane to be
Talking loud out of pocket tryna bang with me
And so I pull it out my pocket let it rain you see
Now they all in the court room blaming me
See we ain't live the same life but represent the same struggle
Power to the real niggas death to the sucker's
Money over bitches, get to know 'em for you love 'em
Death before dishonour never talk to undercover's
Live by the same rules so I minus the tattoo's
With the same sort of dude with he same short fuse


(Verse Three: Tupac)

I want money in large amounts
My garage full of cars that bounce
Moving my tapes in major weight cause every dollar counts
Busters is jealous and half these niggas is punks
They running off at the mouth till I fill it up with my pump
They jump my automatic keep 'em weary
While you fronting like you Billy Bad Ass
Nigga you scary
I been knowing you for years
We was high school peers
In Junior High
I was itching' to kill
And you was, 'Ready To Die'
While you bullshitting niggas was dying and catching cases
Busting my automatics at motherfucker's in foreign places
Leaving no trace, they see my face and then they buried
Bitches die in a hurry
Still I ride, I'm never worried
Mr. Makaveli tell me to ride and I'ma ride
Pick my enemies out the crowd
And motherfucker's die
It's not the way I wanna live
My nigga it's how it is
Only real niggas stay on top


Why are all you niggas all up in my shit?
Tell them motherfucker's
Outlawz
Fuck all y'all
Am I wrong 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?
Am I wrong 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?
Get it on till I die
Get it on till I die
Y'all, Y'all remember me
Y'all, Y'all remember me

Krayzie Bone
It's that Tupac (Pac)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
(Pac's home)

Tupac
After the fire comes the rain
After the pleasure there's pain
Even though we broke for the moment we'll be balling again
Time to make y'all, my military be prepared for the busters similar to
Bitches to scary, get to near me we rush 'em
Visions of over packed prisons
Million's of niggas thug living
Pressure's, three strikes I hope they don't test us
So pull the heat out, ammunition in crate's (shh)
Move without a sound as we slide down pistols in place
I'm sensing niggas is defenceless I'm hitting fence's then getting ghost
Who can prevent me shooting senseless?
At these niggas throats
Bitch made niggas and that bullshit you going through
Outlaws busting while we rushing
We untouchable
Fuck you niggas and that bullshit you going through
We Outlaws rushing you busting you
We untouchable

Krayzie Bone and Tupac
It's that Tupac (Pac)
(Am I wrong 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
(Am I wrong 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
(Get it on till I die)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
(Get it on till I die)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
(Y'all, Y'all remember me)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
(Y'all, Y'all remember me)

Krayzie Bone
You niggas better not try to run up
And don't try to say we ain't told you
You're dealing with killers and soldiers
Nigga these explosives, trying to blow shit, running you over
Nigga controller
Whenever y'all niggas try to roll up
Thinking I'm a ho, well, come and let me show ya
I'm a light up the rhythm like dosia
Dumping so potent, nigga don't choke up
Flow up
Makaveli The Don, got niggas strapped and ready to bomb
As soon as I send the alarm, and when we're done
We've committed a red rum, leaving the enemies dead and gone
Leaving 'em niggas head's blown, 'cause they know they dead wrong
When the shots ring out you know we're coming through (Know we're coming through)
Talk a lot with your mouth, well what you gon' do? (So what you gon' do?)
Shut 'em down, busters be knowing to keep they distance
Thugs don't fuck around
We get back at 'em so swiftly, niggas is with me underground
Slug in a niggas mug, reppin' Midwest Side
Niggas if you a thug get your weapon, let's ride
Ride for Pac, Pac, get live for Pac, Pac, Pop off the Glock, Glock
The thugging it don't stop

Krayzie Bone and Tupac
It's that Tupac (Pac)
(Am I wrong 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
(Am I wrong 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
(Get it on till I die)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
(Get it on till I die)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
(Y'all, Y'all remember me)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
(Y'all, Y'all remember me)

It's that Tupac (Pac)
(Am I wrong 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
(Am I wrong 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
(Get it on till I die)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
(Get it on till I die)
It's that Tupac (Pac)
(Y'all, Y'all remember me)
It's that Tupac (Tupac)
(Y'all, Y'all remember me)

Tupac
Only wish to breed
I explode into a million seeds
Y'all remember me
Legendary live eternally
Bury me in pieces 'cause they fear reincarnation
Niggas screaming peace 'cause they fear when my squad face 'em
Take them to places, stake they face then erase 'em and brake 'em
Murder motherfucker's at a rate and then quicken the pace
Blast me but never ask me to live a lie
Am I wrong 'cause I wanna get it on till I die?
(Westcoast)
Now I'm worldwide
Niggas gossip like girls then hide
No offence to Nas but this whole fucking world is mine
Even if you blind you can still see my prophecy
My destiny to overthrow those on top of me
Fiending for currency the money be calling
Can you feel me, dreaming?
Seeing scenes of me balling?
Fuck you bitch made niggas and that bullshit you going through
Outlaws busting while we rushing
We untouchable
Fuck you niggas and that bullshit you going through
We Outlaws rushing you busting you
We untouchable